It may be the end of the work week, but you've still got more to do than you can handle at the moment. If you can delegate, do so quickly, but if not, expect a long and kind of boring weekend.
Focusing too much on your future only keeps you from appreciating where you are now.
Get started on something new today -- it could be almost anything! Your ability to see the long view should help you get things started right and make serious progress throughout the day.
Your intense emotions are mellowing out today, which should make today very easy.
With your help, your coworkers can get almost anything done today. You may need to poke your nose into their business, but it's all for their own good, so go ahead and poke away soon!
Your reputation is your top concern right now, but you could afford to lighten up.
Self-confidence comes more easily to you than it does for most people -- and with good reason! Today you may need to draw on it more than usual, thanks to an odd situation that's not quite beyond you.
Listen if that voice in your head tells you to power through -- and take action!
You know that what you're feeling is right, but it may be hard to convince anyone else. See if you can get your friends to at least agree with you in principle, but you can't expect much more than that.
Today, your deep yearning for something challenging is coming up to the surface.
Even if you haven't been doing all that much lately, you still feel pretty tired or worn out. Let it wash over you -- if you try too hard to fight against it, you just end up with even less energy!
Finding balance in your social life only happens when you learn what friends need.
Get outside and try to soak up a little nature -- even if the weather is forbidding. Getting rained or snowed upon might actually be perfect for you right now and your good energy keeps you healthy.
Don't go for retail therapy. You can't pay a problem to go away. It takes hard work.
Your love life could use a little boost today and you've got exactly the right kind of energy to pull it off. Take time out from your day, if possible or just send a mash note electronically.
Your recent push to get to know someone has worked, but it's time to pull back.
You need to acknowledge your success today -- modesty is all well and good, but people need to know that you can see what's right in front of you! Your great energy helps make it a group win.
People in your group have hidden agendas. Be on the lookout for tricky behavior.
Things seem to be locked down today, which makes it harder for you to push ahead. In fact, you may want to just call off a big plan for today -- or, better yet, postpone it until circumstances change.
Everyone wants to goof off -- watch out for these people to beg you to join in.
A little alertness goes a long way today and you ought to be able to catch what's really going on with ease. See if you can get your people to help out when things start to get really weird.
Your penny pinching urges are right on target! It's the right time to save money.
You need to reconnect with real life and it could be as simple as making your own meals or finding other ways to be self-sufficient. Plan a garden, set up your own investments or otherwise take car of your own business.
You've been anxious about an upcoming appointment unnecessarily -- it will go well.
You feel ready for almost anything today and ought to be able to deal with situations that would make you tear your hair out on other days. Set a good example for those younger than you.
Your healthy ambition has been feeling sickly lately, but it's back on track now.
It' a great day to take off and do something totally fun, with or without your people. Your good, grounded energy makes it easy to connect with the world as it really is and you can get a lot done if you want.
You are getting into the good graces of some very influential people right now!
You can work almost all the way through your to-do list today, if that's the plan. You can do almost anything you want, really and should have plenty of good energy left over for fun later.
More than ever, you are open to the unfamiliar -- your quick mind needs to explore.
Socializing is usually a strength of yours, but today, you might find it harder to connect. People are more rigid in their schedules and their thinking and you ought to just deal with them on their level.
Being the odd one out can be a good thing! Don't fret if someone says you're weird.
You're stuck in the past a bit today, but it's not such a bad thing, really. In fact, you may find that people are more willing than usual to reminisce with you and recall the good times.
Rush around today, and you could be cheating yourself out of some fun experiences.
You may find that your questions are harder and harder to answer today -- but that doesn't mean that you need to stop asking! In fact, you may find that your values are shifting somewhat.
The people you'll be dealing with today are more grounded than you, so trust them.
You've found a good balance between your work and home lives and ought to be able to give each the attention it deserves today. It's a good time to reconnect with those you haven't seen in a while.
Your first priority is to yourself. So go off on your own and leave everyone behind.
Ideas are great -- but action is more important today! You can move forward with ease on almost anything, from asking out a new flame to buying a new house or condo. You don't need new info -- yet.
You're involved in a big game of Follow the Leader today -- and you're the leader!
You and your family are getting along really well today and you may have an easier time bringing up touchy subjects. In fact, at least one problem is almost all in your head, so let it out!
Being a leader is something you are skilled at, even though it isn't always fun.
You need to do some serious planning today -- and you've got all the mental resources you need to pull it off! Maybe you should focus on your family life, but anything is fair game, really!
Take a good long look at who you're hanging out with right now. Are they worthy?
You're feeling rather proud of yourself, and with good reason -- you did well recently! You may want to take another look at the situation, though, because things could change in the near future.
It's time for you to be a bit more frugal. Put financial restrictions on yourself.
You find out that something you had believed to be true is actually a little fuzzy -- and that it represents a hard limit for you! It's not fun to discover restrictions, but you can work with this one.
The sun is coming out, burning off your foggy thinking. Get ready to see the light.
You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive. You lie a great deal. You make the same mistakes repeatedly because you are stupid. Everyone thinks you're a fucking jerk.
You have a vivid imaginaton and often think you are followed by the FBI or CIA. You have no influence on your friends and people resent you for flaunting what little power you have. You lack confidence and everyone thinks you're a dipshit.
You are a pioneer type and think that most people are dickheads. You are quick tempered, impatient and scornful of advice. You are a prick.
You are practical and persistent. You have dogged determination to work like hell. Most people think you are stubborn and bull-headed. You are nothing but a damn communist.
You are a quick and intelligent thinker. People like you because you are bi-sexual. You are inclined to expect too much for too little. This means you are a cheap bastard.
You are sympathetic and understanding of people's problems, which makes you a sucker. You are always putting things off. That is why you will always be on welfare and won't be worth a damn. Everybody in prison is a cancer.
You consider yourself a born leader. Others think you are an idiot. Most leos are bullies. You are vain and can't tolerate honest criticism. Your arrogance is disgusting. Leos are thieving motherfuckers and spend most of their time kissing mirrors.
You are the logical type and hate discord. This is sickening to your friends. You're unemotional and often fall asleep while fucking. Virgos are good bus drivers and pimps.
You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality. All libras die of venereal diseases.
The worst of the lot. You are shred in business and can't be trusted. You shall achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics. Most scorpios are murderers.
You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you have no talent. Most sagittarians are drunks. 
You are conservative and afraid of taking risks. You are basically chickenshit. There has never been a capricorn of any importance.
You're feeling a little extra irked by kids or customers who are rubbing you the wrong way today. It may be a good time for you to practice your patience, though it doesn't come easily.
Your regular way of doing things has to be different to accommodate new people.
You may be feeling more playful than usual today and while that doesn't mean you skip out on your responsibilities -- as if -- it does mean that you may try a few new ways of getting things done.
Your analytical skills are sharp, so use them to make choices about your finances.
Today is better for planning than for action, so sit back and think about what's coming in the future. You may need to draw on sources of information that are somewhat suspect, so double-check!
Share your new point of view with someone who used to think the way you thought.
Your intellectual power is quite strong now -- which is really saying something! You should look for new solutions to old problems that have bothered you for quite some time. It's easier than you think!
Get involved in something from a different culture today -- watch a foreign movie.
Your big brain is helping you to figure out what needs to happen next and it could very well be that you're going to have to connect with someone on a new level in order to make progress.
Nothing will be more fun for you today than interacting with strangers! Chat away.
You can be capricious when it comes to new ideas -- but you need to give them a chance today for sure! Even if something seems totally insane at first glance, it may have hidden strengths.
What used to seem an outrageous idea to you will suddenly seem reasonable today.
Coworkers and family members are finding new ways to disagree with you and it's essential to separate the important business from the stuff that's just acting out. Take your time!
Someone who you don't usually get along with has something to say. Hear them out.
You've got to check in with the home front when something goes wrong -- you may even need to drop your regular schedule and rush back to take care of it. You should be able to make it all right.
There can be real value in your daydreams -- so feel free to let your mind wander.
Your role seems to be more supportive than active right now and that's fine by you. You're at your best helping others for the time being and should be able to do quite a bit of good!
Think of a new way to get what you want -- without giving up more than you have.
You reach a milestone of sorts today and should feel a fine sense of accomplishment. It's not time to rest, though -- you can tell that you've still got far to go before you can slow down!
You are feeling more adaptable to new things than ever before, so go out exploring.
You and a friend are having a hard time coming to an agreement about what to do next and it could turn into something much bigger if you let your egos get involved. Try to step back and get some perspective.
Your insight and energy will lay the groundwork for an especially productive day.
It's time to shake things up! Your great energy helps you make all the right moves and change the situation to your advantage. Those who resist are just too timid and must be educated.
Learn to be flexible with a stubborn person, and you can learn to do anything!
Someone is trying to get your goat, most likely just for their own amusement -- but there may be other motives as well. Do your best to keep your cool and things should get better pretty soon.
People are going to be extra sensitive to whatever you say now, so be extra gentle.
Last-minute schedule changes pop up today, but you are more than prepared for them and can take care of other business while you wait for confirmation. It's easy to make use of your time.
Changing your daily routine sounds easier than it is, but the effort is worth it.
Something unfortunate gets in the way of your plans early today and you may need to shuffle your activities for the afternoon in order to accommodate the new information that has come in.
There is nothing to fear by trying something new. Foreign influences are good today.
Hold yourself to higher standards today -- you can take it! Your ideals are fully operative now and more in line with the energy of the universe, so you can pull off much bigger accomplishments.
Today it's a good time to contemplate a recent conflict you had with a friend.
You're trying to get something done today, but you may run into obstacles at first. It's a good time for you to try new approaches -- as far out as you think you can go. Big ideas are welcome.
You must start celebrating your uniqueness and stop comparing yourself to others!
Open lines of communication with rivals or others you ordinarily don't speak with much. You may surprise yourself with what you say and so and they might be open to more collaboration.
You'll have to perform a tricky negotiation with someone who rubs you the wrong way.
It's time to finish up some unfinished business with one of your older relatives.
If you've got kids, expect some tense moments as they test your limits. You can handle them, though they should know they're being handled. If you don't have kids living with you, someone might be acting childlike.
Your analytical intuitive sides need to find balance today. Think things through.
Your dreams might be a bit weirder and more intellectual than usual, so watch out for obvious symbols or messages from the subconscious. It's a good time to write them down or talk them out.
The future holds some battles for you. You must use today to get in fighting shape.
It's a good day to revisit your goals -- not to ratchet them down, but maybe to get even more ambitious than before! Your optimism and enthusiasm should be plenty to carry you ahead for a while.
If you feel like you're missing out on a joke, don't let it weaken your confidence.
Talk things over with your mate or sweetie -- relationships can get tricky today. If you're single, it might not be a good night for a date, if only because expectations can get out of hand.
The higher your hopes, the farther you can fall if they don't happen. Be realistic.
Not everyone is on the same page with you. Be aware of this, but don't wait up.
You're feeling a growing sense of excitement and should be able to get your friends and family to share in your enthusiasm. One or two may be a bit grumpy, but even they come around eventually.
Emotional intelligence comes naturally to you, but today, your people are much harder to read. This could engender a cycle of confusion if you don't take a big step back and just play it cool.
Be open-minded and watch for signs today -- they won't look like how you expect.
It's a time of big, new ideas and you're as open to them as you can possibly be. That doesn't mean you're a pushover, though -- you still ask the right questions when they occur to you.
There is no time like the present to get started on your future! Make a plan today.
Inspiration strikes again and you're enthused about your new vision for the future. It may be that you've got to act quickly, but you should still make sure that everything is prepared to your satisfaction.
A mellow friend has some advice  -- their influence in your life is good, so listen.
You could find that a new friend or acquaintance is much more influential than you would have expected. It may be restricted to a narrow subject, but you could turn all the way around on it!
Your generosity could get you into trouble. Lend your ear, but don't lend any money!
Dip into your reservoir of creative energy today and see if you can dream up something bright and bold and new. It might be an art project or maybe just a new way to handle your bills.
Your social life is going to get a lot hotter and a lot sooner than you anticipated!
Whether you're looking for a date, a new friend or just someone interesting to talk with, it's a good day for you to say hello to strangers. Anything can happen and the time is right for action!
Do not be afraid to get dirty -- hard work requires some sweat, but you'll have fun!
You need to set things straight with coworkers or friends today -- in fact, you might have to lay down the law! Folks are likely to act out in odd ways, but you've got to keep them from going too far.
The time for new people and new ideas has come -- be open to exploring new places!
A big surprise comes your way early today when someone you thought you knew well blows your mind with a big outburst. It's not a sign of impending doom -- just the need for more attention.
Give yourself a break later in the day. Make sure there's time to just do nothing.
Your brainpower is amazingly strong right now and you should be able to explain things much more easily to those you know well. Strangers might not get it, but eventually even they can be shown the way.
Some of your close pals are having their good karma rewarded -- celebrate with them.
It's a good time for you to have a long chat with a child or someone else close to you -- because it's easier to tap into your deeper and more meaningful thoughts. Guidance goes both ways!
Things are almost certainly more frustrating than you would like right now, but you can deal with them and move on without too much effort if you just keep yourself from overreacting!
It's a good time for you to flex your muscles and step into a big power position.
Be open to ideas that come from people of a different culture. They are good ones.
Take a big step forward -- you know where you want to go and the path is clear. Nobody can question your ambition or your talent and you can make a lot of progress on your own right now.
Your gut won't help you out when it comes to money! Research the facts today.
Even though it might feel as if things are falling apart, most of today's change is positive. Address it with your brain and save your heart's responses for later. You can totally handle this.
It's a good time for you to get information from as far and wide as possible -- and also to check everything with your intuition. Once you're fully settled and only then, you can move ahead.
Wear your thicker skin today, because you will be getting some abrasive criticism.
You're going to find yourself with a front row seat to some juicy action today.
Listen to others reminisce about the past. You will gain some incredible insight.
It's a good time for you to try to make a play for some big idea of yours -- you might need to fight against most of your peers or you might meet only token opposition. Either way, you should go all-out!
Say something to your beloved or your latest crush today -- even if it feels corny or trite. There's a reason that stuff is so overused: It works! Use your creative energy for other pursuits.
It's tough for you to make progress today, so you may be better off taking the day for yourself or just delegating all the most important work to someone with more energy in reserve.
You will find it very rewarding to explore culture today -- be part of an audience.
Coming to the defense of other people could cost you right now, are you prepared?
Where you are going with someone isn't clear, but it's clear you are going together.
You need to focus on your home life today, even if you're at work for most of your time. A minor emergency might pop up or it could just be that you've got an old fight still stuck in your mind.
You're facing several big challenges today, but you ought to be able to at least make some progress, if not totally surmount them. You just need to apply yourself more vigorously than usual.
Your friends are everything to you and today shows you why that's such a good thing. If you can reach out to a big set of them, that's perfect, but even just one can suit you and show you what's what.
Distance yourself from the mess that others have created -- take the easy way out.
Accept the fact that everyone is entitled to their own opinion and enjoy arguments.
Make sure you finish old projects before you go off starting anything new today.
It's pretty easy to get caught up in the heat of the moment and lose yourself -- so make sure to be clear with yourself on what you're going to say before you say it. That might slow you down quite a bit.
You are dealing with personal issues that may be consuming more energy than usual -- but you can tell that you're making some serious progress, so you don't mind putting other stuff on the back burner.
You may need to take time out of your busy day to deal with your mate or someone else who's close to you -- relationships need maintenance now. You may be able to open up new dimensions.
Today you are well-suited for brainstorming in group settings with people you like.
Encourage individuality and expression in a group today and you'll enable success.
New beginnings are important, but don't lose your appreciation for old connections.
Focus on communication that's a little less direct and a little more meaningful. You may want to chat with your sweetie or let your coworkers know how you feel in a way they can't ignore.
Someone you like is paying even more attention than usual to you and it feels great! You might need to let them know how you feel in kind of a strange way, but everyone has fun with it.
You're feeling more creative than usual and might want to jot down a few new ideas for later use -- or get to work on them right away, if you've got both the time and the inclination.
You'll create a positive outcome on a project you've got now if you think positive.
Try to be patient with people who don't get what you are saying. Repeat yourself.
It's a good idea to reexamine your toughest goal today -- it is too unrealistic.
Everything comes down to you today and you've got to make sure that you're hooked into the action in the right way. It's not so hard, as long as you're paying attention and ready to move.
Let your subconscious mind take charge for at least part of the day -- you should know when the time is right. It might be as simple as creative brainstorming or as complex as a courtship.
Nothing seems to go quite right today -- though there are no disasters, either! You may find yourself pretty frustrated by evening, but rest assured that you will pull through pretty soon.
Staying conservative and cautious is the right strategy for your finances right now.
Material possessions are not satisfying you right now, which is a very good thing.
You can make yourself start feeling good -- as soon as you start thinking good!
You've got too much information coming in right now, which means you're having a hard time making up your mind about anything of importance. It's a good time to chill out and bide your time.
Something that should be easy turns out to be much more difficult than you had anticipated. You may want to put it off for a bit or see if you can draw on alternative resources soon.
Try to keep a low profile today, especially at work -- you've got to make sure that you get your own stuff done before anyone else comes looking for help. It's not so hard for you to avoid attention.
Satisfying everyone might make you popular, but it won't help you get respected.
You should feel comfortable trusting the people who are in power. They are capable.
Things are just not going to go the way you want them today, but it's a good thing.
Work is more challenging than usual or at least somewhat more so. You may need to enlist some support from someone you usually try to avoid or you may need to deal with an upset customer.
You've got to deal with some pretty heavy emotions today -- things are a lot more serious than you had thought. That doesn't mean they're bad, though, so just get ready for a pretty intense ride!
Financial information isn't as helpful as usual today, so don't just rely on your ATM balance to avoid overdrawing. In fact, it might be best for you to let someone else handle the money for now.
Try to make sure that you are concise and to the point -- don't just yak and chat.
If an introspective mood strikes today, look beneath the surface of a recent drama.
You've been riding a wave of positive energy. Help others get on the wave with you!
Focus on the here and now today -- the long-term is off limits! If someone insists that you talk about what's to come, warn them that your predictive abilities are limited for the time being.
You're making improvements in your life that might have seemed impossible just a short time ago. Some aspect of the day's energy feels liberating and you can tell that you've got a blessing on the way.
Your mind is on physical comfort and possessions right now and that might lead to some interesting choices. Shopping is kind of an obvious diversion for you and you're well set to find bargains.
Start putting more effort into your career today. Get some face time with your boss.
Everyone seems to have ego troubles today -- and that does indeed include you! It's just one of those days when people need to get their way, but that can't possibly work for everyone.
Don't rely too heavily on your analytical skills if you're making a romantic move.
Try to speak out today -- you've got more to say than you realize and others are ready to hear it. You may find that tricky emotional communication is much simpler than you had feared.
Playing down your recent achievement might be the best course of action right now.
Business and work issues should be easy to handle today -- in fact, you may find yourself profiting unexpectedly! It's the perfect day to build up your position and work for the future.
Spice up your day by making a connection with a stranger -- go on and smile!
You need to tell your friends what's really going on and now is the best time to get started. You might have to work on a long email to send to the group or just make a bunch of calls.
Try to expose yourself to a different kind of music or visual art. Get stimulated.
You're in just the right frame of mind to really get discussions going at the workplace or at home. Your energy feels more grounded and while things could get fanciful, you can still learn a lot.
Are you losing your patience with someone? You need to get your space from them.
Your great personal energy guarantees that whatever you do today is done thoroughly. You shouldn't miss a beat and ought to find that it all goes much more smoothly for you in the long run.
A blast from your past will offer you a pleasant and much-needed distraction today.
If you've got any big projects that demand extra attention, now is a good time for you to settle down and focus all of your energy on them. You might surprise yourself with your progress!
An amusing misunderstand today will help you learn to be more tolerant with people.
If you want to get anything done today, you need to collaborate. Almost anyone can help out, but if you pick the right person, you should make amazing progress and be well situated for later.
If you start to get bored by the company you keep today, exit the conversation fast.
You may be too wrapped up in your memories to really engage with the present -- but that's okay. Move forward when it's time to do so and let yourself feel whatever you want to feel today.
Talking with other people will make you extremely happy today, so chat folks up.
It's a great night to host a party or just a small dinner -- your connection with the real world and your friends is incredibly strong and you should be able to wow them with your domestic skills!
People are allowed to express ideas you don't like. Just don't take them personally.
Try to dig a little deeper -- your mental energy is just right for exploring big ideas and coming up with great new philosophical notions. You and a friend learn a lot about each other.
Turn off your engine. Do as little as possible and just watch the world go by.
Romance is filling your heart and mind today, even if you're single. It's a great time to take a second look at your sweetie or someone you may have decided against in the past -- things have changed!
Even if you're in a sharing mood, you must keep all of your private things private.
You need to slow down just a bit and let life live itself somewhat -- why shouldn't you take it easy every now and then? If you show people how to relax, more of them will join you.
You share common goals with a very important person, and you should let them know.
You and your best friends are in perfect sync right now and should be able to coordinate plans and have fun without expending too much mental energy. It's a good day to kick back and enjoy life!
Today, if you can be more flexible, you can be more powerful. Bend and be mellow.
Your philosophical side is showing today and you may spin almost any situation into an excuse for bigger thinking. You may not have the time to get too deep, but you've got the right attitude.
If a friend is acting out of character, don't let it go. Ask them what's going on!
You're not quite yourself today and that could mean that your friends are getting worried. Try to reassure them that it's just a short-lived phase, but if you've got to endure an intervention, so be it.
You are working at a great pace on your own now, so there's no need to join a team.
Someone is rubbing you the wrong way -- so much so that it might start to hurt! It's a good time to pull away and see if you can reconfigure your life so it doesn't get this crazy in the future.
You're feeling a stronger connection growing with someone lately. Keep going!
You've got to say something today -- even if the time seems totally wrong. You're not in the best of moods, but you've got a firm grip on what people need to hear and how to get the best response.
Get totally flirtatious -- start some harmless small talk and see where it goes.
Listen to your paranoid side today -- but don't let it make all the decisions! You may have to deal with someone who's not got your best interests at heart, so get ready to take firm action.
You've got to try to take care of some important business today, but it's really hard for you to stay focused. You just need to get it over with and then get back to whatever's eating your attention.
When you are around a lot of people today, you should try to be open and outgoing.
Your backbone is made of steel! Try something that you're usually too shy to do.
Your creativity could use a nice workout -- the kitchen is the perfect place for it.
Constant motion is exciting and easy to make happen today -- and you might find that you're almost impossibly far away from where you started when you do finally take a rest tonight.
You're in the middle of some big stuff right now and should try your best to just roll with it instead of fighting back. If you have to go slow, that's fine, as long as you don't stall out entirely.
A friend is behaving badly, and cold logic won't help them. They need time to learn.
It's vital that you stick to logical reasoning today, no matter how cold-hearted it makes you feel inside. Emotional thinking only gets you in deeper and right now you need to separate yourself a bit.
Faced with a challenge, you just need to concentrate! Keep your eye on the ball.
A friend has gone through a dramatic transformation lately. Find out their secret.
You're feeling pretty great, all things considered and your mental energy should be sharp as a tack -- even before your first cup of coffee! It's a good day to tackle big collaborative projects.
Your emotional state is pretty intense right now and you might feel depths that you didn't even know existed! No matter what you're feeling, though, you're glad you're not just empty inside.
Give yourself a break and let yourself enjoy your good energy -- you don't have to spend all of it on others! It's a great time to look into areas of personal growth and development.
Your brain has more creativity than you know. Use it as much as you can today.
Reserve some time today to delve deep into a novel you've been dying to crack open.
Stop examining the group tension so closely -- and try to put it out of your mind.
Work your creativity -- things are looking good for you and it seems like it might be a good idea for you to try new ideas or plans until you find something that really works out for you!
You're feeling a bit out of place and in need of some movement -- so get out there and find something new to do or somewhere new to visit! If you use your restlessness, you can learn a lot.
Someone asks an innocent question midday that starts your mind to churning and wondering what could really be going on. It may end up a big mystery that only you can solve, so get to it!
A dual-natured person from the past's back on the scene. Don't let them bother you.
Play nice and walk on eggshells today -- it's not the day to ruffle their feathers.
Not everyone is as creative as you are, so watch for people who steal your ideas.
You're dealing with too much stuff today and there's no easy way to back out of it. Try to just handle one thing at a time until you can either call in the cavalry or rush hone for a well-deserved rest.
Something small seems to tip the balance and get you the attention you deserve -- though maybe from some rather surprising people! It's a really good day to leverage your reputation.
Try not to freak out too much when one of your illusions shatters today -- see it as an opportunity! If nothing else, you have learned that not all that glitters is gold and that's worth something.
Gambling on people liking you for who you really are is a sure thing. So open up!
Don't waste too much time sharing your feelings -- cut to the chase and be honest.
There's no need to worry that you are losing things today -- it can be replaced.
Like a black swan, something jumps out at you today that makes you wonder why you hadn't seen it before. Don't focus on the past, though -- you need to figure out what to do about it!
Listen to your feelings and make sure you're being as true as you can to them. It's not a good time for you to try to cover anything up, as you're being a lot more obvious than you would think possible.
Nobody seems to say what they mean today -- which can get pretty unsettling after a while. Stop second-guessing and take them at face value. That ought to fix things up in a hurry!
Emails may be efficient, but people will misinterpret them today. Talk face to face.
Today requires you to have a calm demeanor -- free of drama and strong emotion.
It won't be difficult for you to make friends today! Your values are appreciated.
You're feeling pretty busy right now and that's not such a bad thing. If you run into an obstacle, though, things might back up unacceptably, so do what you can to overcome or call in for help.
You're dealing with changes in a pretty serious way today -- but you think you can tell where you're heading. Uncertainty can sometimes be a significant problem for you, but not this time.
If you've been keeping a secret, now might be a good time to let it go. At least one good friend can help you with your problems, but you need to open up completely first. It's worth it!
Someone you just met can help you make things happen today -- if you ask them.
Your forward momentum will get slowed down a bit -- this will be a positive thing.
Relationship issues are clouding your mood. Get some space off by yourself today.
Arguments are flying around the workplace today and you're mixed up in quite a few of them. It may not be the best time for you to try to push forward with anything too out there, but you can't resist.
Your emotional state is pretty heavy-duty right now and you might need to take some time off to deal with it. See if you can talk to the right person or at least find a way to express yourself.
You're not typically absent-minded, but today you find yourself constantly forgetting to do little things like lock the door behind you or grab your wallet as you leave. Try to backtrack a lot!
Your busy lifestyle has been fun, but today it's time to slow down and just relax.
Living on a budget could save you a lot of time -- and money. Assess your finances.
It's not a good day for moving around. Wherever you try to go, expect long lines.
Your brain is crackling with great energy and you may hit on a few creative brainstorms before it gets too late to do anything about them. Take notes and get to work -- you have to seize the day!
Today's a great day to shake up your world. Step out of your comfort zone a bit.
Your to-do list might feel a bit out of control today, but that just means you need to prioritize and prune it back down to a manageable level. Take all the time you think you need!
Before you start a new project, you must read the small print on the instructions.
Something small but interesting catches your eye midday and might turn into an obsession by evening. You might not quite be equipped to figure it out yet, so keep collecting data for now.
An issue may pop up around the house today. If it does, make it your top priority.
You've got to deal with slow people today, but you can do it with much greater tolerance than usual. If you can focus on stuff that doesn't require collaboration, you should do just fine.
In a negotiation today, your suggestions will be eagerly adopted by the other party.
There's no need for you to take notes or even to take things too seriously today -- anything that really demands follow-up should be obvious later on. Enjoy your great energy and the people around you!
To get insight into a problem, find another person to share your confusion with.
You're filled with a good buzz today and that energy can be used for almost anything. Your mental powers are sharper than ever, so if there's been a tough puzzle in your life, now's the time to solve it.
New relationship possibilities are all around you today! People are impressed.
If you want something, today is the day to go for it! Your great personal energy helps you articulate your desires and convince others that they can get what they want by joining forces with you.
Friends know you've had a lot going on for a while and they'll cut you some slack.
It seems that you've got to take direct action early today -- you can see what's going on and can tell that your efforts are crucial. Keep pushing until it all looks like it's moving along nicely.
A new person on the scene is stirring up some odd feelings. Get distance from them.
You feel a sudden panic that forces you to race ahead -- though you may know deep down that it's all illusory. Still, you can make the most of your progress by keeping the momentum going for a bit longer.
Go over the finer details of an upcoming event. Your eye for detail is very sharp.
Work or business issues are affecting your life more dramatically today and that could mean that you've got to reshuffle your schedule somewhat to accommodate the additional workload.
If you need more clarity in your thinking, you simply need to make time for it.
You may feel a little crazed at the press of obligations that come your way today, but you can get help -- all you have to do is ask! People are surprisingly open to collaboration and delegation.
You are loaded with energy right now -- so everything will be easy and fun today.
It's time to really open up to that one friend or family member -- communication is easy as pie right now! You may want to let them start, but sometimes you've got to strike the match yourself.
You will have a lot of compassionate energy today. Use it on a needy friend.
Fall back on your people today when things start to look dire -- they've got more resources at their disposal than you may realize. It's a good time to strengthen your bonds together.
Try not to sign anything until you've had a few extra eyeballs check it out -- there are almost certainly aspects you hadn't considered yet. That doesn't mean you should reject it yet!
It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you're not just taking the easy way out. Other folks can do so right now, but if you do, it just keeps you wondering what could have been.
Try to keep busy today. Distracting yourself from impending news is a good idea.
Don't get drawn into any dramas now. Gossip is magnetic, but it's also distracting.
Don't show that you have doubt in what you are doing today -- even if you do!
Try to be a little more careful in your dealings with the people you work with the most closely -- it may be easier than usual to accidentally offend them or just to ask them the wrong question at the wrong time.
You and one important person are practically inseparable today -- thanks more to your own magnetic energy than to any external forces. You're feeling just fine about the situation.
Your ability to stay focused is somewhat off right now, but if you can arrange to deal with multiple projects at once, you should be fine. Keep flitting from person to person, too.
You are about to get a fresh start in an old relationship -- things are improving.
Get some distance from the situation and try to see if from another perspective.
Show people that you stick to your guns whenever you feel strongly about an issue.
You need to be extra-skeptical of anything that seems remotely sketchy today -- but don't just dismiss it out of hand! You have to ask probing questions and look for new evidence instead.
Someone has unreasonable expectations of you -- but you might be too keyed up and full of good energy to refuse! It's a delicate balance, but eventually you do need to tell them 'no.'
Try to stick with what's already on your desk today -- adding to the workload should make for a stressful afternoon (if not week or month). You should be able to take on new stuff soon.
You'll be promised something for nothing today, but you're too smart to fall for it.
Your forward momentum is starting to slow down, and it's not a moment too soon!
Decide to be compassionate around people you don't like. They deserve some respect.
You usually don't mind checking and re-checking details, but today you might feel tempted to skip over them for some reason. Don't do it! You've got to take things extra-slowly for now.
It's okay if you slow down and take it easy today -- in fact, it's best if you do! Your energy is recharging and it may take all day for you to feel like you're ready to get back in the game.
You may have to ask for clarification a dozen times today -- and still not know what's really going on. It's just one of those days when communication lines are temporarily crossed or down.
Take the time to read the small print in a legal document. There's a surprise there.
If you defer to what other people want, you could appear to be a doormat. Get tough!
Express yourself honestly and openly today. Show everyone how unique you are.
It's a good day for you to ignore convention and do things your way. You may not feel totally comfortable sticking your neck out, but you've got the right kind of energy to pull it off now.
Even if you want to be alone, break out of your shell and get out into the world.
Be extremely careful with email and other online communications today -- others are very likely to misinterpret jokes and sarcasm. For that matter, so are you, so don't jump to any conclusions.
There's a temptation to push things along, but you are going at the right pace.
Whether you're signing a lease or taking on a new client, make sure that you read every word of the paperwork. If anything doesn't make sense to you, you need to get someone to explain it in full.
Challenge yourself. You are in a prime position to push things in a new direction.
Recheck your credit card balance -- if you're close to the limit, now is the time to settle up. There are lots of ways to manage debt and your mind is supple enough to pick the right one.
Someone's flighty behavior is going to change soon. They're getting your hints.
It's one of those days when you'd really rather deal with people face to face, though you can of course make do with phones, email and tech solutions if you must. Communication is everything now!
You're in the midst of a great phase of good energy -- no one can make you frown.
Brainstorming and other mental activities are great for today -- no matter what else is going on. You should find that friends and coworkers are much more amenable to group exercises.
Express yourself honestly and openly today. Show everyone how unique you are.
It's a good day for you to ignore convention and do things your way. You may not feel totally comfortable sticking your neck out, but you've got the right kind of energy to pull it off now.
Even if you want to be alone, break out of your shell and get out into the world.
Be extremely careful with email and other online communications today -- others are very likely to misinterpret jokes and sarcasm. For that matter, so are you, so don't jump to any conclusions.
There's a temptation to push things along, but you are going at the right pace.
Whether you're signing a lease or taking on a new client, make sure that you read every word of the paperwork. If anything doesn't make sense to you, you need to get someone to explain it in full.
Challenge yourself. You are in a prime position to push things in a new direction.
Recheck your credit card balance -- if you're close to the limit, now is the time to settle up. There are lots of ways to manage debt and your mind is supple enough to pick the right one.
Someone's flighty behavior is going to change soon. They're getting your hints.
It's one of those days when you'd really rather deal with people face to face, though you can of course make do with phones, email and tech solutions if you must. Communication is everything now!
You're in the midst of a great phase of good energy -- no one can make you frown.
Brainstorming and other mental activities are great for today -- no matter what else is going on. You should find that friends and coworkers are much more amenable to group exercises.
You'll spend a lot of time today daydreaming, but it will be time well spent!
You're feeling much less serious than usual today and that's just right for most people and their energy. Have fun and play around with the folks around you -- then get back to work tomorrow.
Pass everything and everyone through a gut check today -- you need to know what's going on under the surface before you move ahead. It's a good day for you to put your instincts first.
Pay attention to your daydreams -- there's some good clues about what to do next dancing along within. You may actually need to zone out for a while in order to be more productive!
Be audacious in asserting yourself -- you shouldn't let anyone push you around.
Give your creativity some exercise! Find something artistic to get busy with today.
Let your mischievous side come out to play for a little while today -- have fun.
Your social behavior is incredibly attractive today and you might play flirty games with almost everyone you encounter -- but you don't have to worry about keeping it appropriate this time!
Get to the bottom of today's weird mood crisis -- you aren't entirely sure why you feel the way you do. Once you settle down and think things through, though, you ought to be able to make progress.
Stay put as much as you can -- especially in the larger sense. It's not a great day for travel or for changing residence, but if you have to do so, you can still do fairly well by moving slowly and carefully.
Be careful not to make assumptions about how others will or will not behave today.
Your intuitive powers are telling you to follow the leader for a while -- obey them!
Go in deep on the deep issues of life. Give yourself time to sort out your feelings.
You may need to spend some time alone today, even at home -- it's hard to mesh with people when your energy is out of sync. It won't last forever, so don't worry about future problems.
Your creativity will help you start cutting back on a few of your expenses today.
Let that friend or sweetheart know how you're feeling, even if it seems kind of dorky to open up. You've got the right kind of emotional energy to rally tap into your heart and let it shine.
Despite your growing popularity, your mood is going to be more introspective today.
Try to get your friends or coworkers to stick to your schedule -- things should go a lot better for everyone with a little discipline. If anyone complains, you're better off reasoning with them.
Today, reserve your energy for your own issues and concerns. Be a little selfish.
Your secret talents are out in the open right now and you ought to be able to surprise a few people by showing off or just getting things done when nobody else seems able to do so.
Go ahead and get more philosophical today -- get a lot of intellectualizing done.
It's down-time for you today, even if you're needed at work or for a family situation. You can handle anything -- you always do -- but you may want to reserve some time to recharge on your own.
The only thing worse than tooting your own horn too loudly is being falsely modest.
Your ego is locked in the cellar today, so it's a great time for you to get out there and take a few risks -- no matter what happens, you should be able to shake off any negative reactions that come your way.
An issue you were afraid would pop up today is going to be a no-show. You can relax.
You've got too much going on in that head off yours -- try to find some downtime to chill out and decompress. It's a great idea to skip out of work early or to cancel a dreaded appointment.
If you are not feeling challenged, try doing whatever you can to challenge yourself.
It's a good day to practice meditation, if only because your brain is more active than ever. If you can shut that inner voice off on a day like today, even for a second, it's a big victory!
Any gossip that incorrectly involves you must be corrected today -- by you.
Your personal energy seems twice as strong as usual today and you can use it for pretty much any project that appeals to your innermost self. It's a great time to take a class or try your hand at art.
The power to change your life in your hands -- so make some improvements today.
A quick surge of positive energy comes your way and you need to use it or lose it! You may find it easier to get your way in social situations, especially in the workplace. Don't be shy!
You love having options, but today you are probably going to feel a bit overwhelmed.
You can plainly see what needs to be done today -- there shouldn't be any big secrets or surprises coming. That can be reassuring, but it can also get boring. Soon you'll find more than you expected.
Clean out your emotional closet and you will be more attractive to other people.
Your head for figures just got a lot clearer and it's the perfect time to take a cold look at your finances. You might be able to see a way clear to getting out of debt or into a better position for retirement.
You'll have a lot of warm conversations with cool people today, so enjoy yourself.
You're not feeling up to any intense social engagements -- at least not those in which you've got to be the center of attention. You'd much rather come out to support a friend or family member.
Timing is everything. Luckily, you've got great timing now. Things are happening.
You've got to open up to new possibilities today -- even if they seem disastrous. It's one of those days when you've just got to adapt to other people's plans, rather than the other way around.
You wake up with idealistic eyes today! The world is full of some very happy people.
Today is perfect for quiet socializing, especially over food or drink. Casual conversation might not be your forte on normal days, but you can tell that things are really different for you now.
If your social life is lacking some spunk, let some other people take charge of it.
You are feeling more domestic today or at least more in tune with your family. Things are good and you just want to share the good energy between you all. It shouldn't be too hard to get them happy.
Put the past behind you. There is no way to change it, so you need to accept it.
Your love life is on the upswing! If you're seeing someone, expect your relationship to deepen somewhat today and if you're looking, you may find someone who gets your heart pounding!
You have a lot of interesting social opportunities, but be selective about them.
Families and friends are demanding today -- and you might very well be caught in the middle! You can take care of any challenge that presents itself, but it may take quite a bit of self-discipline.
Friends and family should be top priority now, because they always have your back.
Your feelings are just a bit out of control today, so try hard to get your people to treat you with kid gloves. You can work through stuff on your own, but don't need any added aggravation!
Emotional breakthroughs are rare. If you feel one coming, set aside time to deal.
You need to take action today before thinking too hard about it -- even if that means you've got no idea how or whether you can succeed. Sometimes you've got to take risks that don't make sense at first.
Keep the two sides of your life separate today. Don't mix business with pleasure.
If you've been moping lately, you should feel ten times better today. Your energy feels boundless and you shouldn't have to play it safe to avoid overdoing it -- that's practically impossible!
Get into a deep conversation with someone who needs some good, sound advice today.
You get flashes of inspiration every now and then that help you read people or situations and you can expect some information to come in via those channels early today. Make use of it quickly!
It's time for you to starting using your wonderful creativity to its full potential!
You've got to skip the nonsense and get down to business -- you've got too much to do to waste time! If anyone tries to kill time near you, just pick up what you're doing and move somewhere quieter.
It's fine to be tight with your money, but don't skip out on socializing to do so.
You're usually rather free with gifts and open to requests for assistance from all quarters, but today even your spare change seems too precious to pass along. You may learn something from your inner miser.
You can get out of a disagreement pretty easily today. Just use your creativity.
Your sense of self-assuredness is quite strong right now and that great energy has a million uses! It's a great day to tackle big problems or make bold moves -- you're at your very best!
Despite your misgivings, you should open your heart and help out a friend in need.
You're spinning in circles, but at least you're having fun! It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you and your people are all on the same page to avoid misunderstandings.
Flex your muscles and insert yourself into a power struggle. Be the peacemaker.
You and your friends or coworkers are all heated up over some new rule or change to your social situation and you should make sure that you've got the full force of righteousness on your side before taking action!
A surprise is coming your way, and it's going to teach you how to be less rigid.
You're not in the best position to make demands, but if you can just ease into the pressures of the day, you should be able to succeed quite nicely. Your flexibility is tested, so try to bend with the wind.
Be extra vigilant about being in the moment. Otherwise you'll miss out on something.
Kick back and enjoy life -- your great emotional energy is perfect for having fun with friends and coworkers. Anyone will do, actually, so say hello to that stranger and see where it leads.
Today you'll have a great chance to turn up the heat in your romantic relationship.
You can feel the strength surging back into your body -- even if you haven't been feeling down lately, you should feel like you're back where you need to be. It's a great day to play and exercise!
If you're feeling down in the dumps, be active with people and you'll feel better.
If you find yourself feeling a bit out of sorts, it's easily remedied -- just get out there and mix it up socially! Your people should be able to help you see the lighter side of life without getting dark themselves.
Contradictions between what a friend says and does are growing. Talk to them today.
You've got to work something out with your sweetie or best friend -- the struggle you're going through can't last forever! Compromise may come a bit more easily to you than to them, though.
You've got to keep your options open right now. It's time to be more spontaneous.
No matter how you feel on the inside, you need to live it up on the outside. It's one of those days when you can work real change just by taking on superficial changes that shouldn't mean much.
You'll be given some power today, but be careful with how you wield it. Be humble.
You need to chill out today -- your ego is too involved in the current situation at work or in your love life. If you can just calm down a bit, though, you should see a sweet way out.
Pay attention to what a friends says they need. It's up to you to give it to them.
Hunker down and get ready for some difficult business today -- you aren't going to be able to take care of things with your usual off-handed grace. If you work hard and apply yourself, it all goes well.
Don't worry about taking an adversarial role today. Have fun debating with people.
You're feeling the urge to start arguments here and there all day long and ought to be able to have a great time just playing devil's advocate or getting folks to take opposing viewpoints for fun.
Trying to build your confidence? Do something that will make you proud of yourself.
Use that wonderful creative energy coursing through you to come up with some new ideas or ways to get ahead. You don't have to take action right now -- but if you do, success comes more easily.
Be more generous with your opinions. It's time to call things the way you see them.
You may see some gains in your finances, income or just general well-being today -- make the most of them! It's a great time to push forward and really exploit the upswing you're going through.
There is never a good reason for you to tolerate someone who is arrogant to others.
Sometimes you need to let things slide -- and today is certainly one of those days. Even the most annoying teenager or disruptive client needs to feel as if they've been heard, so step up and smile!
Overbearing people think they are flattering you. Kindly inform them they are not.
You're feeling too much stress over too many events, so try to pare down your schedule somewhat today. Things should get a lot better in the near future, but you need to make it through today first!
Being diplomatic is nice, but you are better off being in control now. Take charge.
Your health may be concerning you somewhat today -- it's a great time to get a check-up or otherwise reassure yourself that all is well. Of course, it's also a great time to eat more whole grains!
Morning starts slowly, but by the afternoon you can expect a big burst of energy.
Something big comes across your desk or slides into your inbox early today and you might have to rearrange your schedule to take advantage of it. That sense of urgency is totally real.
It's one thing to keep your hopes high, it's another to be unrealistic about goals.
Things might be at a standstill until you step up and start giving orders. That might not come naturally to you, but you ought to be able to get folks to see that they need to work together.
If your romantic life's going through drama, the best course of action is no action!
Power struggles are flaring up at home, even if you're solo. Neighbors, landlords and others may interfere with your plans, though if you live with family, they're the ones you need to handle first.
It's time for you to get a firmer -- and better -- grip on the forces around you.
When the hamster in your brain says to jump, you shouldn't even ask how high. It's one of those days when you're much better off acting on impulse, so go ahead and try to make a fool of yourself!
You have to just let this day happen in whatever way it wants to happen. Relax more.
It's time for you to exercise some of that power you've been hoarding for so long. It may be that you've got to step up to a bully at work or maybe a kid is getting out of line. Fix it up quickly!
Don't feel bad if you feel jealous of a friend today. You are only human, you know!
Work issues may haunt you today, even if you're home resting. Try not to let them take over your mind, but if you can take care of some of them now, it's a good day to pull some extra hours.
People are going to be saying whatever they think you want to hear today -- beware.
Today feels easier than it ought -- maybe people are lightening up or maybe you're just not taking stuff all that seriously. It's a good day to get folks to chill out and enjoy their lives.
Baby steps will get you closer to someone's heart than giant leaps -- take it slow.
You surprise family and coworkers with your moxie today and should get all the praise you know you deserve. It's a good day to share the good energy, though people seem to want to adore you alone.
If you think that you need to make some changes, do it. Don't wait for permission.
Share the wealth, even if you're feeling a bit miserly. The more generous you are today, the more likely folks are to remember you when they're trying to decide whom to support later on.
You know the value of alliances, but today you won't have the patience for them.
You need to fall back on your buddies, coworkers or other allies today -- it's almost impossible to pull off a win on your own. That doesn't mean you're weak, just that it's a big deal.
Take a moment to make some loose plans for your future -- and make them huge!
Try not to worry too much about why all those people are making so many demands on your time and attention -- just deal with them and move on. It's not a sign of worse things to come.
Your vision is as clear as a bell today. It's time to finally make a big decision.
You've got quite a lot on your mind right now, but do your best not to just announce it all to the world! Some of your opinions need further time to develop, so it's a good day to lie low.
Get a new adventure underway today. Show the universe that you're ready for action!
You feel more alive right now and ought to be able to attract a lot of the right kind of attention without breaking a sweat. Things are looking good and you want to get more out of life!
Someone who isn't winning any popularity contests is going to be tough to talk to.
It's time to lavish yourself with the attention you deserve. Treat yourself right.
If you are made group leader today, your group will be very lucky! You're sharp.
Any intellectual challenge you meet today should fall pretty quickly -- you can see flaws and strengths much more easily than usual. See if you can get your people to follow your lead.
You and your romantic feelings are all riled up right now, no matter whether you're single or long-involved. The object of your affections may not take very long to notice your attentions, either.
Buy something big -- or at least nice -- for yourself, even if it means adding a bit of debt. You deserve it and should be able to handle it without owing too much to the banks for too long.
You may start to get a bit snippy after questions comes your way today, but try hard to keep an even keel. Sometimes you're the go-to person for a surprising number of friends.
Take pleasure in your unique qualities and be proud of them in front of others.
Words alone won't communicate what you want. You must do your talking face to face.
At least one person in your life is hiding a secret and while it may not be all that devastating, you should still try to ferret it out. Be as subtle as you can -- otherwise, they'll shut down on you!
You're not feeling serious. Your mood calls for light conversation and silly stuff.
If a friend starts to look at you funny, think back to what you just said -- it could be that what you meant as a joke came out as an insult. It's too easy to give offense today, so try to backtrack quickly!
Pay closer attention to what other people are trying to tell you today -- it may be that they're not as clear as they would like. In fact, you may need to plumb the depths and ask big questions.
You need to step up and take care of stuff right away -- even if others are shying away from their duty. If you make the first move, you should be able to get them to take care of their responsibilities.
Someone is being inflexible and that drives you nuts. You should try to get them to chill out and see things your way -- or any other way, really. It may take quite a while to get there, though.
Today is the day to get stuff off of your plate! Get out and get going this morning.
Forget about the things you don't like about life. Focus on your hopes and dreams.
Today, try to surround yourself with people who are down to earth and grounded.
It's a hard climb up that mountainous goal, but you'll love the view from the top!
You've got to scope out the details of your latest project, whether it's a huge spreadsheet at work or a basement hobby. If you don't hammer them out now, they'll get you in the end.
Your friends and acquaintances are expecting big things from you today -- and you deliver! You are part of a network that gets stronger every day and soon it'll be your turn to make use of it.
You can make enormous strides forward today -- if you let your ambition take over.
If there's a party going on, use creativity to make sure you're on the guest list.
You've got your own way of doing things and sometimes you need to just stick with it, no matter what. If anyone accuses you of being inflexible, just raise an eyebrow and keep moving.
Your brainpower is working overtime today and you might be able to bust out with a few good answers to problems your friends and family have been dealing with. Good luck getting them to listen!
Things may not be going smoothly on a project, but you can make them better today.
Take care of home chores and neighbor issues today -- there's really no avoiding them! If you approach it all with the right attitude, you can get a lot done and build some good bridges.
It's true that patience is a virtue, but it's also true that you can control things.
You may find that your decisions are a little tougher to make today, thanks to the information overload flooding your brain. Try to cut some sources out for the time being -- it should make life easier!
Flirtatious energy is all around you -- it could spice up one of your relationships!
You need to be extra patient with your coworkers or mate today -- any partnership is likely to develop small flaws. That doesn't mean it's time to abandon ship, but you do need to work harder to stay afloat.
You run into an old friend or acquaintance who's got more to say than you would expect -- and you are more intrigued than ever! It's a really good time for you to open up to new viewpoints.
You should find that it's easier or cheaper than you had imagined to get an upgrade today. Bump up to first class, add a new graphics card to your computer or see about getting a better romantic buddy.
You've been flirting with someone a lot -- decide whether you're serious or not.
You can't help but feel great about all the sweetness that surrounds you -- like you're in a painting or a ballet! Your amazing energy is perfect for absorbing the small details of life and keeping them all together.
An attraction is growing between you and someone who isn't an intellectual equal.
Your quiet little romance is going to get a lot of attention soon. Are you ready?
Your boss has been a big problem for you lately, but today things are looking up.
You need to make sure that you're not just accepting everything you see today at face value. Read the fine print, ask big questions or get advice from someone who's been there before.
You're more willing than ever to say 'no' to people and you might surprise someone who's used to hearing 'yes.' Try to soften the blow somewhat, as most folks are a bit sensitive.
You're full of amazingly creative ideas today and should pick one or two (well, maybe more) to explore and develop. Your fiery energy means that you should be able to get started quickly!
You are thinking hard about your work, school or other major life tracks today -- and you might be tempted to make a big change! Make sure all the key players agree or at least act like they do.
Don't be too specific when you answer probing questions today. Keep things vague.
Push things to the next level with someone cute -- go deep down into who they are.
Today it's important to take your time and plan out all of your actions thoroughly.
Opt for a quiet type of charm today. Smile at people instead of telling a joke.
You're able to resist temptation, but now it may be wiser to give in a little bit.
Be of service to anyone and everyone as soon as you can today. You'll be rewarded.
You've got to deal with someone who is trying to push you into a deal or arrangement that just doesn't seem right to you -- so hold out! You're likely to find something better in the near future.
You should think long and hard before deciding to seriously do anything.
Keep your friends and family informed as to what you are thinking of doing today.
In your career life, you should look for people to start giving you more feedback.
It's not an ideal day to work in groups today. You're feeling especially combative.
Your perfectionism could be slowing you down. Let things get a little messy today.
You can be incredibly productive today, but you might have to deal with more stuff at home than you would like. The good news is that you can clear that all away pretty quickly too!
You're not feeling totally in sync with the rest of the world right now, but the worst that should happen is that you have to slow down a bit. It's a good time to consider new options and revise plans.
On a day like today, it's easy for you to see that you've got more to do with your life. Today might actually bring a new inspiration, but if not, just try the next big thing that seems appealing!
Time might feel like it's moving slowly, but rest assured that things are happening.
You're stuck between two competing points of view -- and you might hold them both yourself! That makes it easier for you to reconcile them, but it might take some effort to convince your peers you're right.
Cash flow issues are troubling, but not crippling right now -- so see if you can make a little headway soon. It's one of those days when mundane issues are far more important than spiritual ones.
Outer attractiveness is nowhere near as important as your inner beauty is today.
It's a great time to redecorate or change up your look or style somewhat. Your incredibly positive energy is focused on the aesthetic side of life and that makes it easy to make the right decisions.
People want to discuss their personal issues with you today, so get ready for it!
You ought to be able to get your people to see things your way today, especially folks who never seem to get you. Your great mental energy helps you explain things in terms they can understand.
Communication is vital today -- say what you need to say to that certain someone.
Family troubles may pop up today, bit they're not so dire that you need to call in the professionals Just try to hear everyone out and make sure that your own feelings are clear to you!
To ensure an easy day, spend part of your morning getting everything organized.
Much of your thinking is going on at a very deep level today and you may be rather surprised with some of the results. It's no the best day to try to get folks to make any big changes.
Get perspective. Putting things into their proper balance will keep you smiling.
Try to get your people to see things your way -- even though you're almost certainly the first to express such views. It's not as hard as it seems, as long as you're in it for the long haul.
Romance is brewing in your life -- feelings right under the surface are bubbling up.
Try not to worry too much about the hamster-wheel in your brain -- sometimes your thoughts just need to work themselves out and you're just the spectator. It's a good time to tackle bigger issues.
Cancel or postpone whatever you can and give yourself a block of empty time today.
It would be a smart thing to review your budget today -- make some adjustments.
Someone really needs you to be strong for them today and you can oblige with ease. In fact, you may be far more reserved than usual at the perfect time and impress the right person.
You've got to get all the information before you make your move today -- and that info might take some time to come. Try to be patient, but you may have to put some people off for a while.
Someone calls to postpone -- not cancel -- an important engagement and you should do your best to be as flexible as possible. After all, you almost certainly will have to do the same thing soon!
Money is on your mind today -- and that might mean you've got a lot in common with a lot of other folks. It's a really good day to settle up an old debt or make a plan for the future.
The more attention you pay to beauty today, the more you will inspire yourself.
Your words have extra weight today, so be mindful of what you say to everyone.
Your creativity is stronger than most people's creativity, so take control today.
Try to let go of an old habit or memory that has been bothering you more than usual lately. It's one of those days when you need to clear your mind so you can make way for more goodness to come.
An introverted person is intriguing you -- be gentle and get a conversation going.
Other people's dramas will only create emotional intensity and upheaval for you.
Your network of friends and acquaintances is quite strong, of course and you should be able to get good information or more out of many of them today, especially those on the fringes.
You may have to deal with incredibly boring paperwork today. If that feels like a typical day, get ready for your attitude to adjust -- you can see that once you're past this round, it should clear up for a while!
Starting tonight, stay home more often -- try to get back in touch with yourself.
You have solid footing in your life now -- and a good sense of where you want to go.
Coming up with great ideas will be your forte today. You'll generate good solutions.
When delivering bad news, remember to be tactful and use your diplomacy skills.
Your home life needs some attention and you can give it your all without worrying about the other aspects of your life. In fact, home chores might be almost suspiciously appealing right now.
Decisions are harder than ever right now -- how can you say 'no' to anyone or anything? You do need to shut at least one door and soon, but you should feel totally right about it before you do so.
You're feeling deeply connected to someone -- but it might not have a thing to do with romance! Your great social energy just helps you reach out to people in all parts of your life.
Someone you work with is going through some heavy issues and will be distracted.
You and a good friend or close coworker are out of sync in a big way -- so try to just do your own thing and regroup some other time. If you must interact, try to keep things light and superficial.
If you need to put on a performance or otherwise draw people to you, now is the time to act. Your positive energy is incredibly attractive and you should be able to get people to pay attention.
Get your distance from the crowd and go off on your own today. It's for the best.
You're a little out of sorts right now, so try to slow down and take life at the pace you'd prefer. It's one of those days when you need to explore each mood as it arises and get to the bottom of it all.
You can't let other people's jealousy get you down. It's their problem, not yours.
Your emotional nature is incredibly powerful now and you are almost certainly feeling everything quite a bit more deeply than usual. It's a good time for you to catch up with your family.
Look for a flirtatious situation to heat up today -- they are turning up the heat!
Your brain is suddenly more interested in the world around you today -- and one tiny aspect in particular! Your obsession may pay off in a big way, though if so, it takes time to get there.
Stay objective if you want to keep from getting into arguments with powerful people.
You're having a lot of fun with your coworkers or friends today -- your easy smile is all most folks need to relax. It's one of those days when you ought to be able to keep everyone else happy, too!
Don't be surprised if you are asked to help them today -- you're the most capable.
Listen to your heart today -- it' s trying to tell you what's coming up! You may have to deal with something pretty heavy, but as long as you're honest with yourself, it should all go fine.
Exciting new emotions have been swimming beneath the surface. Today they emerge.
Someone you trust is looking at the big picture and might not be looking out for you as much as for the group as a whole. It's a good time to make sure you're indispensable in all areas of life!
You worked hard for the respect you have. Make sure you keep it. Resist temptation!
It's time to deal with changes -- and to see what's coming! You're in the right frame of mind to adapt your life to almost anything, so check it all out and then get ready to help your people deal.
If you need to feel socially useful today, don't go overboard helping out others.
Your emotional side is trying to drag you down a bit and that could mean that you're feeling the urge to skip out of whatever you had planned. It's not a bad time for you to wander off on your own.
If you are getting concerned about a friend's finances, keep it to yourself today.
You're going through quite a lot today and need to make sure that you can keep on working toward the same goal you've always had. Your good energy should help you make the right decision.
You are feeling more experimental today -- you're drawn to new ideas and people.
You are a magnet for good energy today and should find that life gets sweeter and easier as you make it through the day. It's a really good time for you to share the wealth with family and friends.
Not everyone is ready to hear the truth about their behavior -- avoid confrontation.
A call or text from a friend gets you thinking about something that's bigger than both of you -- but is more or less equally important to you both. It's a good time to work together on something.
You get farther with someone if you tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Pay closer attention to your health for now -- you are in the right mental space to make some serious improvements! Any positive steps you take today should come back to you tenfold.
You are more than intuitive enough to fill in any blanks and connect the dots today.
Your intuitive side is making a scene today, though most likely it is down below the surface of your consciousness. See if you can get your friends to hear you out when you get a wild hunch.
Conflicting ideas could create a sizzling hot connection with someone new. Disagree!
It's a good day for thinking and introspection. You should certainly try to get some time alone, though if that's too difficult, you may want to engage a good friend or family member on the issue at hand.
If you encounter anyone intimidating today, focus on the fact they're human too.
You are in exactly the right mood for some serious romance today. If you're somehow single, it's a great time to either browse the personals or head out into the night in search of someone special.
Visit a friend who's as intellectually curious as you. Your brain needs stimulation.
Try to dive deeply into today's big mystery -- you might not solve it right away, but you should learn an amazing amount about your friends and coworkers if you poke around and follow your nose.
Tie up loose ends in a neat little bow. You must be certain that done means done.
You're feeling pretty strong and happy, but someone sees you in a different light. Show them that you're not their doormat, but see if you can do it with a smile. That ought to show them!
Social situations are not comfortable to you now, but they may be unavoidable.
Nobody is moving as quickly as you would like them to now, but there's nothing much you can do about that. Just try to make sure that you've got everything under control and get ready to move later!
Your generous nature will force you to jump into the middle of a conflict today.
Money problems turn into something sweeter today -- but it's not time to coast yet! You have to incorporate recent successes into your routines and see what you can do to help your friends.
Your ambition is starting to get revved up today, and big changes are coming soon.
No matter what you've got scheduled for the day, you're almost certainly going to have to drop some. Everyone is running late, especially you and that means you've got to make room later.
When you come to a crossroads today, ask a friend to give you some more insight.
Legal documents might turn to incomprehensible gibberish in your hands today, so try to put off any big commitments for at least another day. If you must sign, get someone you trust to check it out.
Take one more look at a situation that has been confusing you. You'll get it today.
If you're single or looking for friends, today is perfect for getting noticed. Your animal magnetism is quite strong and it's easy to attract the right kind of attention, no matter what you're doing.
The voices in the back of your head are speaking the truth, so listen to them!
You feel a little less personally involved with that big work or school issue that has been haunting you lately. It's a really good time to pull away from it -- or to find the solution you couldn't see before!
It's time to ramp up your health regime. You're on the right track, just go faster.
Bare your heart to your sweetie or family -- you're much more in touch with that's real today. It may be a bit uncomfortable at first, but you should all see its value by the end of the discussion.
Try to rise above all of the pettiness today. It's going to be a huge waste of time.
If you're involved with someone or even just seeing them casually, expect a rush of romantic energy to get you both even more excited! If you're single, it's a great time to meet someone.
Put on a happy face! Use your imagination to find a way to fake it 'til you feel it.
You are having a lovely day, thanks to some sweet energy that is keeping you happy and engaged. It's one of those days when your good mood might make other folks a little nervous -- but who cares?
Art and entertainment from other cultures will give your brain the input it craves.
Your finances are on your mind, which isn't all that unusual. The difference today is that you feel a lot calmer and clearer about the situation and you ought to be able to make some serious progress.
In order to move past your mistakes you have to keep on pushing yourself forward.
You're trying to move forward at great speed -- but now is not the time to rush! You should hold up and take your time, as there are plenty of tiny obstacles ahead that you need to see.
When an authority figure tells you to do something today, do it. Don't be defensive.
You just can't imagine how things got to this stage without you having reached a decision, but it's just about time. You want to ask for one more day and you're certainly better off if you get it!
It's a great day to get back in touch with your culinary skills! Cook up a feast.
It's one of those days when you can just tell that you've got to move. The air is almost crackling with energy and if you don't take significant action soon, you'll start to get a little crazy!
People are ready to do what you say, but you must communicate what you need clearly.
You need to hit the road or find some other way to explore your world -- that itch for discovery is quite strong now! If you can't travel, you can at least find a new place to eat or to have fun.
You have excellent connections, but you cannot rely on them too much right now.
You've got more going on than most people realize and it's a good time for you to share your hidden talents with the world! Expand those horizons and see what kind of reactions you get.
Sacrifice things you don't absolutely need and you will appreciate what you have.
Your mind takes a turn inward today and you need to take care of your own needs first. There's nothing wrong with that and anyone who depends on you should thank you for keeping yourself sane!
You need to trust your instinct today when it tells you to avoid a certain person.
You're feeling the urge to shop your brains out today, but of course you should try to resist. That low-level stress you're feeling will still be there after your spree -- along with the credit card bill!
Sharing your secrets is unwise today, because a blabbermouth will be listening!
You need to make sure that you've got everything you need to carry out your plans today -- there might be some unexpected distractions that pop up and make you lose the thread temporarily.
Today could pan out well for you -- the outcome depends on you staying positive.
You and a friend are tightening your relationship in a new way -- starting a business together, maybe? It's a good time to formalize relationships and to get serious about your people.
Balance is the key to achieving more happiness in your life. Spread yourself evenly.
Someone close at work or in the neighborhood needs to hear from you and you know just what to say. Finding the right plans and time might be tough, but you can pull it off if you're persistent.
New members in your social group bring new energy -- so it's time to branch out!
Your easy social energy makes it easy for you to make new friends today. It's one of those days when you can really see the best in people and that makes you want to get to know them better.
Your newer, fresher perspective is helping you get more done. Be happy doing it!
Keep up with your selfish side today -- it's got a point, after all! Sometimes you need to take care of number one and let other folks fend for themselves. Today makes for good practice.
You're in a great phase of clarity, and you are ready to make big leaps forward.
It's a good day to take a calculated risk -- the best kind, as far as you're concerned! You should be able to take a big step ahead at work or ask out that new friend of a friend without any added stress.
Your bright energy could cause you some problems at work -- unless you slow down.
you're feeling a bit riled up over some recent trouble at work or at home and that might carry over into other parts of your life. Try not to inflict too much torment on those who don't deserve it!
Do more today! Action is your aim, and action is its own reward. Just keep busy.
Even if you don't feel that you're quite ready for it, today is still perfect for taking action. You should know what to do, but you may have to take a leap of faith (or two) before you see success.
Someone's admiration of you is flattering, but watch that they're not being false.
You get some great news, probably quite early in the day, that keeps you smiling pretty much every minute until you finally fall asleep. Your inner glow is appealing to everyone who gets to see it.
You get into a long and philosophical conversation with a surprising someone today.
An opportunity presents itself pretty early today that you should think twice or three times about before tackling. In fact, you may just be better off passing up this time -- more should come later.
Your ability to be flexible and go with the flow will come in very handy today!
Your inner nature is saying no to some big plan you've been dreaming of -- and you have to admit, it does look a bit unrealistic in this light. It's a good time to toss the trash and start something new.
Feel free to ignore what other people think. Stay true to your idealistic nature.
You're in a position of authority over someone new today or might just be are asserting your power. It's a good time to take power seriously and you should be able to get them to do the same.
If you think you can make peace between people, then give it a try. Be confident.
Move on out and see if you can get your people to join you. Even if you have to fly solo, you should still explore some new part of town or get out even farther. Discover something new!
Your passion for travel needs to be obeyed -- start planning a new adventure today.
If you make it through the day without smiling, you're in the wrong place. Your great energy should make most of your day's activities lots of fun and it's easy to infect others with the same spirit!
Amplify the volume of romance in your life by stopping to smell the roses some more.
It's the best day for you to try pushing the envelope or getting folks to explore new options. You have some great personal energy to work with and most others should want to follow along.
Genuine goodwill is coming your way today, and it's going to keep you smiling.
Show your friends and coworkers that there's nothing to fight about. You've got more goodwill than a platoon of ambassadors and should be able to get folks talking again, even if they said they never would.
Don't risk getting a reputation for being flaky. Follow through on your promises.
You get some slightly disappointing news today, probably before quitting time, but you shouldn't let it lead you into despair. It's one of those things that can lead to something much nicer.
A friend's family obligations are not your responsibility. Stay out of the drama.
Your parents or some other older relative needs your attention. It could just be a phone call or it may turn into something long-term, so make sure you're ready for anything. It's worth it!
Creating new things today will bring you an exceptional level of satisfaction.
Try not to freak out when you see that new obstacle in your path this morning You just have to stick with the program and hope for the best. A little lateral thinking wouldn't hurt, but persistence is all you need.
Don't be too dogmatic about your plans, no matter how long they took you to form.
Sometimes you have to show your friends how easy it is to change. Figure out some new thing you want to try and then make it happen -- at least some folks ought to follow along just to see what's up.
Try to be more expressive today in how you dress, how you speak, and how you move.
Something almost throws you off balance, but your natural poise helps you keep both feet on the ground. If anything, you might very well end up pushing forward at greater speed than before!
Friends are not always easy to please, but who says you have to please them anyway?
Your talent for managing and organizing people may not be utterly consistent -- but when you're on, you're really on! Today is great for getting people at work to converge on a common goal.
You can't speed up time -- no matter how much you might want to! Be patient today.
It's a little tougher than usual for you to get into the flow of work or even your social life -- but you can at least poke along and let others take the lead. Try to stick to small projects.
Don't get frustrated if your matchmaking efforts weren't successful. You tried.
You feel like a face in the crowd today -- which is just how you want it to be! For the time being, just go along with the will of the people and try not to worry about your own needs.
The drama in a coworker's private life is leaking into your relationship with them.
You're a machine today, no matter what you're doing. You're well suited for repetitive tasks at work, but even brainstorming or redecorating can be made more efficient if you have any say in the matter.
Finding a balance in your life requires you to make a sacrifice from time to time.
You're operating on a deeper level romantically or in terms of your family and you feel great about your new role. It's a good day for you to try something a little bit different around the house.
Watch out for the people who are trying to quiet you down -- they are just jealous.
You're feeling pretty full of self-confidence today, but that might not translate well to others. If they start looking at you funny, be sure to turn down the P.R. and turn on the humility!
If you're bitten by the shopping bug, go to a thrift store to minimize the damage.
Don't worry about what others think about what you've got to say today -- you need to speak up. Things might get awkward, but that is not your problem at all. Let everyone know how it really is.
See things from another perspective today and you'll see another side of yourself.
You feel much more in touch with real life today -- the earth, the sky, the weather and the living things around you. It's a great day to get out and experience nature in some form, even for just a few minutes.
Healthy dissent makes your group's process better. It's time for you to speak out.
It might be hard for you to deal with people today, if only because your critical skills are greatly enhanced and many of them can't take the pressure. Try to go for creative projects of your own!
You are up for anything -- and your energy will come through whenever you need it.
You have to keep your eyes open today or you're likely to miss the most important clue of the month. If you're paying attention, you should see something that can really pay off for you in the near future.
Stay grounded, but keep your hopes high today. Things are about to get much better!
You are pushing yourself even harder toward something bigger and better than what you've got right now. That ambition might come across as a bit much to some, but they don't really matter.
Reach out to a sad or depressed friend today -- put a smile back on their face.
You may have to deal with some old memories or odd nostalgia -- but it's not so bad, really. It may be hard for you to come back to the present, but if that's your only problem, you're doing fine!
Not everyone is as on top of the details as you are, today. Try to be patient.
You need to cut back on something -- it could be health-related, it could be some time-waster or it could even be time spent with a friend who keeps bringing you down. You know what to do.
It takes patience to achieve balance in your life sometimes, so don't rush things.
You just don't feel like getting out there and mixing it up socially, even if you've got obligations or a mate who wants you to join them. It's a good time to follow individual pursuits, if possible.
Your ambition has been taking a nap, but it's about to wake up and get riled up!
Something big is going down today, but you can make the most of it with a display of willpower. You may need to push someone a bit or keep yourself from getting pushed. Either way, you can win big.
An authority figure in your life is distant today, but don't take it personally.
Your plans come together as if scripted by Hollywood -- it's one of those days when it just feels as if everything goes right and you should definitely step up the action to make the most of it!
You make a great partner and lots of people are noticing, so expect some requests.
You're not having the easiest day today, but that just means that you need to make sure that you're pushing yourself a bit harder. This phase won't last forever and it might actually do you some good!
Your enthusiasm is vital now. People are looking to you for guidance on what to do.
Your sheer enthusiasm might overwhelm your family today, so don't be too disappointed if they seem nonplussed. Go ahead and take on your new passion on your own -- they should come around later!
When you see a chance to get ahead today, take it! Conservative thinking is over.
There's nothing to be gained from dancing around the latest stress -- you've got to go for it directly! Your family might be a bit shocked, but they should be able to recover once you fix it all up.
A lot of change and movement is not advised for you right now. Put off travel plans.
You're in the process of getting over some old injury or grievance that had messed you up somewhat. It's a good time for you to recover your center and figure out what you want to do to get on with life.
You don't have to know all the details of a party to have fun. Just roll with it.
Are you single? If so, today is the best day to make a move romantically, asking out a coworker or sending a message to an online cutie. Your great energy should help you make a good case!
Skip the small talk and you will impress others with your honesty and conviction.
You should find that your coworkers are incredibly helpful today -- even when you're doing stuff that doesn't relate to them at all. Their support may be all you need to push over the top.
Your energy will be strong, if unpredictable -- take breaks throughout the day.
Your eyes are open and shifting around, looking for new opportunities. It might be romance or business or a little of both, but somehow, you've got to leap on the next sweet thing to come along.
It's easy to push past the limits today -- your determination is simply that strong.
Your mood is lower than usual, but you can tell it's just a temporary shift. You may know just what to do to lift it -- or you may want to just wait it out on your own with a stack of DVDs.
Expect some very rewarding news to come your way today -- you're doing well!
You need to enforce discipline at home or maybe even with friends today -- even if it feels awful! Your mood isn't as important as the long-term advantages to keeping everyone in line right now.
You get a better idea of how someone feels about you. This awareness is exciting.
Sometimes there's just no avoiding the issue -- you've got to deal with it before you can move on. Today brings you something you just can't avoid and it might mean you're skipping ahead a bit.
Trust the people who are making the tough decisions. Those in power know things.
Don't let anyone dissuade you from your ambitions today -- if you're even paying attention to them, that is! You feel pretty crafty about what you want out of life and it's not so hard to get it.
Being aggressive is not the same thing as being abrasive -- you can push harder.
You're feeling pretty good to begin with -- and then some awesome news comes in that seals the deal! Most likely it's about an application or request you've filed recently, but it could be almost anything.
Helping others should be your true motivation today -- not getting credit for it.
You're feeling a bit pressed at work or with the neighbors, thanks to one person who thinks they know everything. You might need to use all your powers of persuasion to defeat them!
You're very skilled at seeing the subtext of what people are really saying today.
Making your visions a reality is going to be quite easy today -- you're a doer!
Help your coworkers to get organized -- you need to make a few changes and they need to sign on. If you can get everyone to agree -- a lengthy task -- then things should get a lot better soon.
Once you start moving today, life should get much more interesting! Your great personal energy is driving you to greater heights of success, but only if you can keep your velocity pretty high.
Something clicks in your mind and you can see how things really are -- in some small part of your life, anyway. You're great at seeing patterns and today you can easily see the latest.
You need to spend some time reorganizing today -- but it's even more fun for you than usual! Everything seems to want to be where you want it to be and it all makes sense in the end.
You achieve something pretty big -- probably fairly late in the day. It may involve almost anything from romance to a high score on your latest video game obsession, but it feels great just the same.
If you want to make a change in your life right now, make it slowly. Take your time.
Your reputation as a magnanimous person is opening up some powerful doors today.
You need to step up your efforts to help out around the office, school or the house -- your energy is pretty much perfect for getting other folks to achieve the most they possibly can!
If any kind of conflict erupts in your group, be frank and open about how you feel.
Be skeptical of new people on the scene, as they are probably not what they appear.
A friend or family member calls with a change of plans, but you're ready for it. You may not be totally happy about the last-minute rearrangement, but your flexibility shows the right spirit.
The energy you get today will be intoxicating, but don't use it up all at once!
Your plans aren't working out as well as you'd expected, but that doesn't mean it's a disaster in the making. You just need to adjust and get ready for the future -- things are getting better pretty soon!
Today is well-suited for deep thought and contemplation. Get some solutions going.
Been wishing on a star lately? Whatever that wish is, better prepare to see it come true, with little or no effort on your part. If it's a financial goal, however, you still shouldn't sign anything official just yet.
You've done your level best to keep a situation under control -- and with the confusing, even contradictory information you've had to go on, it certainly hasn't been easy. Take the night off to relax and congratulate yourself.
That trouble in paradise you recently experienced will be all but forgotten now. Still, if there's an apology still hovering above you, whether you'll be doing the extending or the accepting, don't hesitate. It's time to put this to bed, once and for all.
You've dealt with a power struggle recently, and done a fine job of it. The best part is that whatever was at the heart of it -- whatever you were trying to eliminate from your life permanently -- has already started to fade away.
If anyone loves love, it's you. Being in love, showing love to friends and family and catching a hint of the contagious warmth that radiates from others in love. You'll have the chance to experience it all now. Enjoy!
The power struggles going on today are not the type you should get involved with.
Someone close to you seems to be trying to provoke you to madness -- but it's just a bit of a difference of opinion. Their weirdness isn't really working for you, but you don't have to deal with it for long.
If your daily routine is starting to feel like a rut, it's easy to mix things up.
You're as prone to dreaming as the rest of us, but you're secretly proud of the fact that your dreams are based on reality -- on what's actually attainable. Still, don't be surprised if you stray a bit off the mark.
Fantasy, dreams and romantic imaginings are under your sign's jurisdiction. We'll all be indulging in those tender subjects now, so when you pass someone wearing a dazed, happy grin, grin back. If anyone understands what they're feeling, it's you.
You have a lot to be grateful for -- do yourself a favor and start making a list.
It's a good detail planning day, when you should schedule a fun new social event.
If someone from a different background gets on your nerves, be more patient.
You're going through quite a lot today -- largely internal! You may find yourself up high or down low without a moment's notice, but you can expect any given situation to reverse a few times.
It's hard for you to understand how people can be so small-minded when the world is so big and (occasionally) wonderful. Though your energy is flowing quite well, you might take time out to show them how to chill.
You're feeling pretty paranoid -- maybe with good cause -- and you need to investigate further. It's a good time for you to check into the behavior of any rivals that have been lying low lately.
You're in the best possible position to get more information from people, so see if you can dig up more dirt and get folks to see that it's in everyone's best interests to share their resources.
If anyone hates wasting time on impostors, it's you. Someone you were sure was playing either you or a loved one for a fool has finally made the mistake you've been waiting for. You've got them, red-handed. Feel free to gloat.
Your inner voice will tell you something you don't like. You must listen and obey.
If anyone knows how to wish and dream, it's you. Daydreams, night dreams, nostalgic sighs -- they all fall under your sign's jurisdiction. Prepare to do a lot of it all now, for nothing but the best of reasons.
You have an urge to be of service to someone today. It's a sign you are growing.
You influence how other people behave -- so be mindful of your power right now.
You overhear an exchange of ideas that gives you good gossip to share with folks!
You can make a lot of progress today, without even working all that hard. You might not be at the top of your game, but you do know what's important -- and that stuff should be fine by tomorrow.
Your great mood is downright infectious today -- only the most sour of pusses can resist the urge to smile around you! If you're momentarily down, it shouldn't take much to bring you right back up.
Try your best to avoid getting in fights or even tiny arguments. Even your barista could give you more trouble than it's worth, so keep smiling and see if you can just make it through the day that way.
Your family may not get you today -- but that doesn't mean you need to worry. Sometimes those who are closest to each other fall out of sync, but it doesn't last all that long this time.
You need to speak up and say what's on your mind today -- not that there's much holding you back! It's one of those days when you're just a lot better off mouthing off than clamming up.
Don't get upset if things don't progress as far as you wanted them to. Be patient.
You take quite a bit of pride in your achievements -- and for good reason! Today, though, you need to let someone else take a bow or at least be willing to share the praise that's coming your way.
If you're happy for a friend who has started a new relationship, be sure to show it.
Your self confidence is stronger than ever today. You are feeling free and tough.
Create something and give it to a friend today. You'll put a smile on their face.
You're feeling a mounting sense of excitement over your latest big plan and you can see that your people are just as up for it. You may want to give a little pep talk, but they're good to go!
By being honest about what you think, you can change someone's life significantly.
Your heart is pounding today, but you may find that your people are all living in their heads. That could lead to friction, but only if you choose to bring it. You may want to let it go this time.
You're in a phase of life where stability is more important to you than risk taking.
No matter where you are today, people are hard to predict. It's one of those days when little outbursts flare up all over and you may find that things get out of hand -- temporarily.
It's a good thing that you have so much flexibility. You need to be open to change.
Your brainpower is fully activated right now and you should be able to get almost any problem solved if you take the time to work it all out. Let others in on it, but only after you've done the work.
Any bad news you get won't cause a real problem for you, so don't worry about it.
You're up for a change today and might find that you've got a few people who want to make suggestions. Your easy mental energy should make it simple to find something cool to go along with.
Any rough patch you're going through now will smooth out to a wrinkle by tonight.
A friend or coworker makes a suggestion that most people find too crazy, but you're willing to give it a go. It's a good time to shake things up and your great mental energy should help you get there.
Take some time today to remember all of the people, places and things that you miss.
It's a slow start for you this morning and you should try to blow off any intense appointments or meetings, if possible. Things might be a little easier late in the day as you start to get your bearings.
Now is not the time to go solo -- you'll feel your best when you are among people.
Your friends are waiting for something from you and even if you don't know what's up you still need to perform. It's one of those days when you're at the center of your social circle.
You could make a lot of headway on a relationship issue today -- just be honest.
Today brings a lesson about change your way when something you're awfully fond of disappears or morphs into something else. Once the shock is past, you come to appreciate the novelty.
Be happy and flattered if people reach out for some assistance today, not annoyed.
You're in a great mood today, especially if you're grading on the curve! Almost nothing can bring you down, though you may have to deal with friends and family who are stressed out.
Even if it puts a stress on your free time, you must accept any and all invitations.
You're facing something big today -- and you can't really avoid it this time! It's a good day to draw on resources from friends and family in order to get things back into balance.
All that glitters is not gold. Someone is saying whatever it takes to get their way.
Keep your wallet tucked safely away today -- you need to avoid spending as much as you can, especially on joint purchases. Put them of for a while or say no, because you've got to hang on to your money.
If you are holding joint assets with anyone now, check in on the status with them.
Try your best to keep your credit cards locked up today -- the temptation to overspend may be overwhelming! It's a good day for you to get back to nature or otherwise avoid temptation.
Today all of your friends are going to help you maintain good energy in your life.
You're feeling a pulse of great energy coursing through you today and you ought to be able to direct it toward something that feels right to you. Other folks might be confused, but you're certain.
The dreams you've had about your life are starting to come true -- at least partly.
Indulge your inner romantic -- sneak off with your sweetie or surprise a cute stranger with a great line or small gift. You never know where it will lead and your good energy smoothes the ride.
Treat yourself to a few of your favorite things and put a bright smile on your face!
Focus on others today -- you've got plenty of good energy that can help them out tremendously It's one of those days when you really need to make sure you're spreading the love around!
You like to help others as much as the next person, but you won't have time today.
Focus on your job or career today -- think about new gigs, new skills or other ways to improve your prospects. Customers should be happy to see you and you might be able to score an important new contact.
An issue you were worrying about will turn out to be nothing, so get ready to relax.
You need to let go your preconceptions about how the day is going to go -- it's dead certain that you face at least one cancellation or postponement and may need to cram more activities in somehow.
Have you been losing things lately? You'll find what you need by the end of today.
Progress is tough today, so don't get too frustrated if you end up not far from where you started. If you can just blow off the day entirely, you might get a lot more out of just relaxing.
If you have trouble understanding why things are happening, ask some questions.
Someone close needs to hear how things are going with you -- and you should open up, even if you're not totally cool with how things have been going. Your honesty should score major points!
Moving at a rapid pace doesn't ensure high productivity. You must slow down.
Try your best to let your friends and coworkers do things their way today, even if you can tell there's a better way to handle things. They need to work on their own and you need to take care of your own business.
Creative thinking is your specialty, and today it'll help you make things happen.
You can express yourself much more clearly -- and creatively -- through writing today, so it's a good time for blogging, poetry, email and anything else that involves words on paper or screen.
Today your mind is able to focus like a laser and your energy will be unlimited.
Put the brakes on your latest big project or relationship issue -- you need to stop and think things over first. It may take all day or even longer, but you need to be happy with the end result.
Tensions are running high right now, but try not to fly off the handle with anyone.
Scope out the details of your latest big deal and see if you can glean any more information that might help your decision making process. It's a good day to listen to your gut, while you're at it.
If you decide to be compassionate instead of obstinate, you will go farther today.
Your ATM balance may be somewhat misleading, so try to give yourself a cushion to avoid trouble later on. In fact, any information you get from a machine may be somewhat suspect for now.
You need to get back in tune with others and find out what they want to do today.
Though you know what you want and how to get there, it's still a good idea for you to let your mind wander freely -- you never know where the next wave of inspiration is going to come from!
A work-related event will offer you an opportunity to grow some hot new connections.
You're filled with great energy today and you might find that people are looking for something new from you. Show them your creative side and you should impress the heck out of them!
Hold back on sharing all of your emotions today. Let your feelings sit for a while.
It's all about you today -- no matter how uncomfortable that might make you feel. Your spirit is strong, though and you should find that you can get almost anything done if you are determined enough.
It is time for you to experience a few new things in your life. Go exploring today.
Nobody seems to get you today, so see if you can get them to look the other way while you collect your thoughts. It may take another day before you can communicate on something closer to their level.
Are you in the midst of a tug of war for power today? If so, let go of the rope.
You're dealing with a few too many people or activities and almost certainly need to say 'no' to someone before the day is out. It's not easy, but it's easier than coping with the onslaught!
Just like children, adults need structure in their lives to succeed. Get a schedule.
You're filled with almost manic energy today and should be racing around like crazy -- in a good way, of course! You should find yourself starting new projects and meeting new people all day long.
Someone's going to be in a hurry today, but that doesn't mean they get to rush you.
Take all the time you need to figure out what comes next -- though a family member is almost certainly pushing you to hurry it up! You've got more time and more options than you realize.
Details of today may be more confusing than imaginable if you don't get organized.
Your spirit is indomitable today and you should be able to stay perky through long, boring meetings and ridiculous traffic. Don't push yourself too far, though -- you don't want to snap!
Reserve your energy for your own issues -- and don't worry about other people today.
Sometimes, life is a delicate balancing act and you have to find a way to give everyone a little bit of what they want without focusing all your energy on any one person. Today it's more delicate than ever!
The negative feelings you had for someone have improved -- you two are doing fine.
It's time for you to get busy and use some of that incredible energy you've got coursing through you today -- it's the perfect time for action! Ask someone out, demand a raise or just go for a run.
Learning about your latest crush is fun, but spend more time on old friends today.
You're not one to change positions lightly, but your great mental energy should help you turn around on something big today. It doesn't hurt that someone you trust shares the same opinion!
Whatever you're feeling, try to let it out today! Do not hold onto your emotions.
You are feeling quite giving now and it's nearly certain that there's someone close who needs what you've got. Your energy is all directed outward, so push it a bit and see who's ready for it.
Friction with an authority figure is not always bad. Make your case to the boss.
Your quick mind should help you keep that angry client happy or turn that awkward meeting around in no time. Make sure you're willing to speak up in the heat of the moment, though!
Avoiding a conflict is very tiring. It may be time to get into it once and for all.
Today is perfect for planning and for making life more interesting -- start on something new! If you don't have anything sitting around waiting for action, make something up as you go along.
Exercise your creativity as much as you can today --people will love your antics.
You're soaking up big ideas without fully understanding them -- that has to come later. You're certainly getting the gist of it all, though and can talk a good game until it all clicks inside.
Friends have never been more ardent in their devotion to you than they are today.
Speak up and make sure people fully understand you and where you're coming from. It's a good day for you to be totally upfront about your desires -- someone may be able to help you with them!
Let your selfless side come out. It's eager to help make the world a better place!
Your mind is totally wrapped up in your relationships today -- including work pals, customers and distant relatives. It's a good time to reach out to folks who might not realize how much you care.
An interesting travel opportunity is coming your way today, and it will be fun.
Even though other folks have that end-of-the-week restlessness, you're feeling quite productive. In fact, you ought to be able to power through any big projects that need to be finished soon.
The people you'll be working with today are slow by nature. You need to be patient.
Everyone around you seems to be in a big rush today, but you'd rather prop your feet up and relax. There may be some tension until late tonight, when everyone should settle down somewhat.
Your true sense of purpose can only be found once you have explored new things.
You're feeling bold today, but try to keep yourself from translating that emotion into anything too provocative. You may feel as if you're defending, but most likely, you're really attacking!
Make sure that you can move on a dime -- there is a lot of unpredictable energy.
You're feeling thankful about your ancestry today, maybe because of a lucky gene, maybe because you're blessed with quality relatives. In any case, it's a good time to remember those who came before.
Be suspicious of anyone who is promising big returns on small investments right now.
You need to scratch that itch for travel and discovery -- soon! Your restless nature demands something new, though of course you will eventually return to the tried and true before long.
Show other people that you are intelligent enough to admit when you are wrong.
You're feeling that excited restlessness that often comes on Friday -- but it's enhanced by your own great personal energy! Even if you're locked in until 5 P.M. or later, you're still having a blast!
Take time to evaluate your dreams -- you'll soon see some clear patterns emerge.
It's easy for you to blow minds today -- your big ideas are just a bit farther out there than most people are comfortable with. The good news is that you're setting the stage for what's to come.
Being suspicious might not make you popular today, but it'll keep you out of drama.
Your recent bouts with forgetfulness should be over now and you may actually start to retrieve old, useful memories from long ago. It's a great time to indulge in nostalgia with old friends.
It is a good day to start something new -- you're drawing people to you in droves.
You've got to attack the current weirdness as methodically as possible. Start from the very beginning and work through every detail -- you should see a pattern develop before long.
Don't let ambiguous feedback drive you nuts -- ask for clarity when you need it.
Someone seems unwilling to give you the straight talk you're craving, but their ambiguity isn't all that maddening, really. You're comfortable with uncertainty, but pretty soon you're going to demand clarity.
Reduce your expectations for today. Things might not work out the way you want.
Your coworkers may be waiting for a signal -- and you need to give it or fake it. If you take the initiative, things should go quite well for you all, so step up and do what you know is right.
One-on-one time with a new person won't be fun today, but you should try to be nice.
You may need to compromise with yourself today if you want to get any kind of satisfaction. The best bet is to balance activities so you get some time to yourself as well as plenty of social action!
Don't be in a hurry today, no matter what kind of deadline you're on. It's unwise.
Drill down into the details of your work or home chores -- there's only so much the big picture can help you right now. Just take things one task at a time and you should make great progress.
You have to use more than flattery to get what you want today. Use your intellect.
If you're single, today is great for getting noticed and turning heads. It's also a good time to look for work or take on any other goal or project that demands attention and respect from others.
Deep down inside, you have some unfinished feelings to work through. Do it today.
Today is great for setting up travel plans or for actually taking off. You are so connected to the world as it is that you should find obstacles merely distractions -- and temporary ones at that!
Whenever you are in public, enjoy the show! The people-watching will be great.
Open up your reserves of creative energy and you should find that things start to look a lot better for you. It may make you feel a bit scattered for a moment, but that feeling is totally worth it!
A challenging person could test your patience today -- remember you're in charge.
Try not to worry all that much about whether or not you're making lots of progress today -- you need to just take the world at whatever pace feels right to you. 
It's essential to get as social as you can now, even if you don't feel like it.
Your heart is your secret weapon and today you can use it to get almost anyone to see things your way. Open up and just let it flow -- you should find that things start to go your way soon.
Your money has been on your mind a lot lately. Make sure you're organized today.
You experience boredom somewhat more acutely than most and today brings it down hard. You may have to wait for far too long for a friend or loved one or work could get you caught in a loop.
You're feeling the urge to socialize, and it is a great day to expand your network.
If you've got a tricky social situation that requires finesse, now is the time to take care of it. Your charm is irresistible and almost anyone should find your take on things persuasive at the very least.
You have a very intense and bright energy inside of you. Let some of it out today!
You're playing the devil's advocate -- which is something you do quite well. That doesn't mean that anyone is ready to hear it, though, so try to just hang back until you know you're dead right.
Your intuition isn't going to help your finances. It's time to do some research.
Something seems unclear to you, but it's actually tougher than that: It's an illusion. You may not know what it's hiding for quite some time, but if you operate under the assumption that it's unreal, you should do fine.
A friend says that they are changing, but you don't believe them. Have patience.
Communication may be your forte, but you still get behind every now and then. At least one unanswered email or text needs attention before the day is out. If it's uncomfortable, that signals great things ahead.
You will have a deep appreciation for beautiful words today. Dig into a new novel.
Open up to someone new today -- and then extend them the courtesy of listening as they do the same. It's a good time to build bridges, especially with people you don't already know well.
Not even the smallest of details will escape your notice today! You are tuned in.
You and your to-do list are best friends today. If you don't have one, you still know what needs to be done and how to do it -- so get busy! You can be quite productive on typical mundane chores.
If you have been too self-indulgent recently, today you need to try to rein it in.
You've got the basics down cold today and your great energy helps you deal with everything in the most practical manner. You're a great example for others to follow, though you don't need to call that out.
Before you point out any problems today, think up a potential solution. Be a hero.
Speak out as much as you want today -- you've got plenty to say and your people are almost certainly willing to take the time to hear you out. You are more articulate than ever, so go for it!
This is a good time to indulge in fantasies. Imagine what you want your life to be.
You are reveling in good energy today -- if you start to feel off, just wander a bit and you should get back in good spirits. Almost every aspect of your life turns into a fun game!
Today the people around you behave in unexpected ways, but you probably will too.
You're dealing with some pretty frustrating people today and almost certainly run into some obstacles before the day is done. Just see them as part of the game and all will be well in the end.
Have pride in your imperfections and show the world that you are a work in progress.
Try your best not to get too involved in today's fun -- just dip in a bit so you don't overdo it! Make sure that you're still letting folks have their fun, but you need to moderate as much as possible.
You'll be busy today. And while it won't be amusing, at least you won't be bored.
You're feeling a bit wistful today, thanks to some old memories that have bubbled up from the past. It's a good time to reflect on them, but not to obsess over them -- you are in the present!
To keep up with all the changes in your social network, host a small dinner party.
You need to be the one to get things started today -- even if you'd rather someone else took the initiative for once! It's a good day for you to show off your leadership to those who need to see it.
Any business transactions you have today should be given your intense concentration.
You may not feel all that powerful today, but you are actually the key player in some big drama. Make sure you're conscious of what's going on so you can play your part as well as you can.
Embrace romance in its every meaning. Use poetry as a vehicle to explore your heart.
Write out your feelings, especially if you're having a hard time expressing them face to face. You may surprise yourself and your partner with some small but vital element of your emotional side.
The emotional obstacles that have been hurting a new relationship are behind you.
You've got some quiet strength under the surface that is keeping you focused and alert through some rather strange times. You may need to show more of your cards than you would like.
Use your kindness and compassion to make stronger friendships with people today.
You're dealing with some big-time business today, so see if you can squirrel away on your own for a while to think it all through. Someone might need you, but you can strike a balance.
You just won't be able to oblige people as much as they would like you to today.
You may not be super-happy with all of your responsibilities, but you do know that you need to take care of them. Now is make-or-break time, so get on the job and take care of all the details!
Your new-found happiness can bring joy to a lot of other people today. Spread it.
Explore your artistic soul today -- you've got quite a bit going on down deep! Your personal energy is just right for creating something beautiful or even for just admiring something new.
Try not to spend the entire day by yourself. Get involved with small social groups.
Try something exotic today -- maybe a new kind of restaurant, maybe a new way of having fun out in the world. Whatever you do, your good personal energy means that you're having way more fun.
Your kind of creativity does not come along often. Today it gives you an advantage.
You take greater pleasure from life today and ought to be able to get your people to do the same -- as long as they are willing to slow down! Those who are pushing themselves can get theirs later.
Stories from the past help provide inspiration for your future. Talk to relatives.
Sometimes you can get what you want through sheer willpower and dynamic energy, but today it all comes to you through hard work. Fortunately, you've done your time and are willing to do more!
Resist the urge to rub your victory in anyone's face. Being arrogant is a bad habit.
You may have bitten off more than you can chew today, but that doesn't mean you're overwhelmed. You should just roll back some of your plans so you can deal with what's right in front of you.
Spend time interacting with people who don't agree with you. Learn something!
You're going through some changes today and not all of them are perfectly comfortable. It's one of those days when you ought to just coast along and let life take you where it's going.
People around you are going to be more receptive to your suggestions than you think.
You've built up a fair amount of momentum lately, so keep moving and follow up with all the projects you've started. Work and home issues might start to drop away as you move faster and faster.
Fresh air is the best treatment for whatever ails you. Get outside for a long walk.
Try to adapt to changing circumstances as they arise today -- you've got more flexibility than you might realize! If you can pull off a few feats of daring early on, you pave the way for great success.
To encourage clear communication, you need to make all conversations face to face.
Explore your artistic side -- you've got a lot more going on than you may have realized just yesterday! It could be that you develop a new skill set or that you discover someone you really adore!
It's time to get more strategic in terms of your career. Work through your network.
A friend needs you more than you had imagined and this limits you in some ways that are equal parts interesting and frustrating. Maintain your relationship while trying to keep up your own life.
A friend has been walking on the wild side for a bit too long. Wake them up, today.
It's far too easy for you to get a little possessive, so see if you can ease up and let people do whatever they're going to do. It's a good time for you to take a deep breath before saying anything harsh.
It's an important time for family relationships. Reach out to distant relatives.
Get playful today and try to get your message across in some new way. Use some new online service that seems fun or make a game out of your delivery -- in any case, keep smiling throughout!
If you don't want to climb out of your shell, that's really okay! Don't feel guilty.
It's extremely difficult to figure out to whom you should be listening right now -- and you do have to make a choice! Go with your gut or just pick randomly, but get ready to backpedal later!
There are tempting opportunities today -- pick the one that you want. Be selfish.
Ease up on the internal pressure to be the best -- you need to play it safe for now. You might still come out on top, but if you push yourself too hard, it's likely that you slip and fall.
It can be helpful to live in an illusion -- keep yourself distracted by daydreams.
Try your best to hold onto your sense of reality today -- hard as it may be! Something big has shifted and you might have to adjust your thoughts and feelings in accordance with the new info.
Surrounding yourself with people who are more grounded than you is wise today.
You're talking up big issues with your people today and that is helping you to shake out the bad ideas from the huge mass of good ones you've been sitting on. Soon it's time to act on the best!
You are able to experience new things with an extremely high level of concentration.
You've got lots to talk about today and should make lots of time for it all. You're filled with good mental and social energy and ought to be able to catch people at just the right time.
Show the world that you can take risks and dare to tempt fate -- though you've always got a back-up plan, of course! It's one of those days when you need to make sure you're a step ahead of the rest.
You're in the right mental space to met new people, especially those from far away -- so force yourself out there and see who pops up. It's a good day to try to get folks on your side.
Ease up from commitment today -- especially in the workplace. You need to inspect all offerings much more closely before you can sign on and that might take a few more days at the least.
You're finding new and intriguing ways to handle your organization, which always gets your brain activated. It may be an online tool, some new closet rack or just about anything else.
An email pops into your inbox today bringing some odd news -- but it should be mostly good! It's a good time to stay engaged electronically, using as many different services as possible.
Use any downtime you might have to double check the work that you've done so far.
Your self discipline needs to come into play today. Temptations will be everywhere.
You will enjoy learning how to go slow right now, because there is so much to see.
You have an interest in someone's decision today -- but you'll handle any outcome.
People are offering constructive criticism, not just criticism. Appreciate that.
Keeping your communication short and sweet is a very good strategy for you today.
If you've got pets, now is a great time to spend time with them or to confirm that their health is where it should be. If not, you may feel a bit of pressure to get one in the near future.
Things may look rather dire early today, but you're still committed to getting things done so you push ahead anyway. That commitment is all you really need to make your way toward success!
You can have fun doing almost anything right now -- even the most boring housework seems a little lighter and more interesting. Your spirit may not be infectious, though, so you may have to go it alone.
Focus your mind on the small stuff that's right in front of you today -- you can let yourself ponder the big picture after your task list is clear! You may find a spiritual centeredness in small details.
Your innate skepticism is fully activated today, so see if you can get it to work for you. It's likely that someone close presents a new plan or idea and it's likelier that you say 'no' to it.
You're at the center of the party today and should be able to get people moving in the right direction no matter what they say they want to do. Your personal energy is just right for the day.
You have a lot of drive for success, just make sure you go in the right direction.
Stubborn people get their way, but don't be too dogmatic. It won't work for you.
Your creativity can get you through anything. Just pretend you're somewhere else.
If you're trying to keep a few secrets right now, you'd better not speak to anyone.
It might be challenging for you, but you need to conserve your money right now.
Friends don't necessarily share your opinions. Let them tell their side of things.
You're focused on personal stuff today, which is great and kind of unusual. You've been dealing with your people a bit too much lately, so give them a chance to handle their issues on their own.
Like a lot of people today, you have a deep need to take quick action -- though yours could probably stand to be thought out a bit more than anyone else's. Your good mental energy helps you in the end.
You feel great and you can tell that your good energy is just right for whatever you feel like doing today. In fact, you take so much pleasure from everyday activities that you might just stick to your schedule!
You need to get more information before moving forward -- but fortunately, that comes pretty easily to you now. It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you're wired in.
Almost any problem should fall by the wayside as you power through your options using your amazing insights and brainpower. It's a good time to help out family with small-scale life issues.
You're more and more excited about something new in your life and you feel an urgent need to tell the world or at least your favorite people. It's a fun day and well worth remembering.
You haven't seen a friend for a while, and they are eager to hear from you today.
Today, avoid putting yourself into situations that could be emotionally intense.
Petty dramas and gossip can be annoying, but they can also be rather entertaining.
Effective communication could be a problem for you today -- people aren't listening.
The drama of today will be welcome -- you can really sink your teeth into things.
Don't be someone who is all talk and no action. You are of substance, so show it.
You've got some great emotional energy today, but you need to use it sparingly. In fact, if you let go of a certain important situation, it should resolve itself perfectly without further influence.
You're feeling the urge to really think things through and figure out what comes next through conversation with friends or family members -- and at least a few of them are ready to talk.
It feels like the world is in a big rush today, but you need to go at your own pace. It's a good day for showing resistance to pressure of all kinds, though you may have to make sure you're smiling when you do so!
You need to build up your one-on-one relationships -- or maybe just one in particular. You've got the right kind of mental and emotional energy to really reach out and make something good happen.
You've got love on the brain today and your great energy should really help you get what you're looking for. No matter where you are on the spectrum of romance, you should push along a little further.
Nothing you do today seems to help your productivity, but that doesn't mean you should just give up and head back to bed. You might be able to have all sorts of fun with your time wasters.
Your opinions are valid, but you had better not expect everyone to agree with them.
Someone you care about are making connections that they need. Don't be jealous.
Despite what you were taught, sharing is not a good thing -- at least not today.
There are agitators in your group today, and they'll be having fun making waves.
It's all about using your creativity now -- visualize the way you want things to be.
Being powerless in a situation doesn't have to make you feel hopeless about it.
Your emotional side is a little more out in the open today, but that should only work to your advantage. People know they can trust you and it's a sure bet that you can pull them to your side.
Your friends are more engaged than ever with your new plan and you can hardly believe your luck. It's one of those great days when your social energy merges with your brainpower.
Your high spirits are welcome wherever you go -- though you may need to dampen them to fit in some environments, like libraries. Still, you exude fun, so most people are glad to have you around!
You love a good challenge, but things are starting to get kind of ridiculous! You're finding it harder than usual to keep up with the pace, but that just means you need to block out more time.
No matter what you've got scheduled, you should expect to cram even more into your day -- your energy levels are too high to just sit around and waste time! You should be able to inspire activity it in others, too.
Try to ease up and get your people to really listen closely -- you've got more to say than they get yet and you should really try to make sure that you're being as clear as it is possible to be.
You have pride in your abilities, so why give up your secrets to success so easily?
There is big potential for you to be a very positive force in someone's life today.
Don't worry if someone snaps at you today -- they're angry at things other than you.
This is a day to play it safe -- you should follow your more conservative impulses.
Someone you thought would never ever budge in their opinions is changing their mind.
The finer details of your plans will fascinate you today. You want the specifics!
If you've been carrying around any excess emotional baggage -- and who hasn't? -- now is a good time to toss some of it overboard to make room for better times ahead. That might not be all that much fun.
You bristle when a friend or relative says something they think is innocuous. Don't suppress it this time -- go ahead and let them have it, but make sure you're ready to make up soon!
Step back and let the experts take over today while you sit and watch -- and learn.
It's the perfect time for you to start something new. You may need to shake off some inertia, but that's not so hard and you can tell that by tomorrow, you should be more energetic than ever!
It's time to let your wild child out to play! You need a break from responsibility.
You've got some serious moodiness following you around today, but that's okay by you. As long as your family can tolerate it, things should be fine -- sometimes your emotions are excellent guides!
Your social circle is going through a period of transition right now. Hold on tight.
Now is a perfect time to relax and enjoy the good energy coming your way. You may have a plateau of sorts, but it's one that you can really feel good about. Growth can come later!
The key to solving a problem today is to organize your approach. Make a solid plan.
Though at least some of your friends are housebound now, you are more interested in getting out there and socializing. It may be a good time to take out a client or meet someone totally new.
Charming people will be keeping you busy -- they want your help with social plans.
Your energy is perfectly in sync with the rest of the world and you're in a good position to explore your creative side. Try to discover new ways of expressing yourself to broaden your artistic horizons.
Your emotions could be running a bit high today, so you might want to warn people.
It's a good time for you to look for bargains -- your eye for a good deal is sharper than ever and you can save some bucks to use for fun stuff later on. Even better, you may want to start saving more.
Someone who has been standing in your way is about to show you more flexibility.
You do have enough going on right now -- there is no need for you to worry about what people will think of you if you say no to a few projects. It's a good day for the status quo, at least as far as you're concerned!
This is a phase in your life where you should try to organize negative feelings.
Try to live up to your expectations today -- responsibility is a key issue for you and all it takes is one big show for you to feel incredibly good about yourself. Of course, others feel even better about you!
No one has better instincts than you, but they are ultimately clouded by emotions.
You can read emotions much more easily today -- your own included! It's a really good time for you to step up and get your people to talk about whatever they may be going through now.
Your energy gets brighter as today goes on, so it's a great day to start something.
Intellectual pursuits are even more appealing than usual today and you should find that you can take on even more interesting and complex material than usual. It's a good time for collaboration.
It may feel like commitments are taking over your social life, but they can be fun.
You can see big changes happening all around you -- but those that are going on inside you are a little harder to figure out. Now is a good time to sit quietly and reflect to get a better sense of where you're headed.
Be more thrifty and conservative with money than you usually are -- just in case.
Children play an important role in your day, even if they're just extras. If you've got your own, your good energy meshes really well with theirs, so make a point out of playing with them.
Your urge for new experiences is growing stronger -- you are ripe for an adventure.
You know you can tackle any issue today -- and that your sense of what's right can carry you through! It's a great time to start your own business, ask someone out or go your own way.
There will be a few dramas swirling around you today, so be prepared for them.
It's your lucky day -- but that doesn't mean you should hop a flight to Vegas! The harder you push it or try to exploit it, the more likely it is to backfire on you, so just kick back and let the luck flow.
Life never brings you what you expect -- it usually brings more than you wanted!
Someone decides you are too full of yourself and tries to bring you down a peg. You might totally surprise them by playing along -- that's the last thing they're expecting! Take care to smile.
Slow your motor today! If you don't, you will miss out on something extremely cool.
You're in the middle of the madhouse today, no matter where you may be. Work, school and even your home seem filled with people who all want a part of you -- try to call for reinforcements!
This is a time to cherish what you have and not worry about what you don't have.
You're working on something totally new today and should be able to get your people to see that things need some shaking up! You're building more than destroying, though, so it works out well.
You must work harder at getting away from your past. The future's all that matters.
You're feeling pretty great today! You'd rather argue playfully than just agree with everything everyone says.
Good things are coming your way. While you're excited, first you must be grateful.
You need to get out there and socialize! If you stay at home or close your door at work today, you just end up cutting off your main source of personal energy and there's no good reason to do so.
There's going to be a big power shake-up that might trickle down to you today.
Don't let your best ideas suffer thanks to some other ideas that you're just hanging on to for old time's sake. It's one of those days when you need to clear your queue, but it can be pretty hard to do so.
An outrageous person with a wacky sense of humor creates many distractions today.
Things keep getting better and better for you today -- though your energy is a bit out of sync with others, you are still focused on improving your own situation and can do so quite dramatically!
Do the world a favor today -- start deep conversations with strangers you meet.
Don't let your ego get in the way of your work or play today -- you need to let go of your preconceptions. It may not be easy, but once you get into the flow, you should feel a lot better.
Problems in your romantic life don't have to ruin your day. Distractions abound.
Don't let your guard down (much) today -- you've got to keep watching out to see who's really who they say they are. New people are especially troublesome, but it's at least half thanks to your own odd energy.
Today's not about thinking up ideas -- it's about putting your ideas into action.
Try to move out somewhat today -- you've got to take action soon. It's one of those days when you're at your best in constant motion, so make sure you're as busy as you can possibly be.
A partnership will hit a tough spot, but you can get through if you stay positive.
You can think outside the box with the best of them and today's creative ideas are coming more quickly than ever before! Make sure that you're not just trying to shock people, though.
Today will be a wacky day -- expect a lot of mismatched energy with others.
Say something that feels a little risky and see how it goes -- you are more likely than ever to get yourself some good feedback if you try a little harder. People want to see you push the envelope!
Today, the truth is too obvious to hide. Your little secret is a secret no longer!
You're brimming with anger over some recent injustice and need to do whatever you can to make it right. See if you can get your friends to rally behind a new way of doing things.
Good news is coming for your fat schedule -- it's going to slim down very soon!
You thrive on activity, but today brings almost too much for you to handle! It's one of those days when you wish you were still in bed every few hours or so, but you can handle it all with a smile.
Not everyone respects your opinions -- get ready to deal with intolerance today!
Let your friends do whatever they need to do to keep themselves amused -- even if it feels like they might be harming themselves. For now, your intervention can't help and may actually hurt!
As you travel down the road now, don't lose sight of the destination! Stay focused.
There's no need to take much of anything seriously today -- you've got plenty going on, but it's just the kind of day in which you can take a break and just enjoy the superficial pleasures of life.
You might not come up with all the right answers today, but so what? Just be human.
You can see the big picture today, probably better than most of the people around you, so speak out and lead the way toward the next big thing. It's easy for you to make a difference.
Let your sense of humor guide you through a delicate negotiation -- stay smiling.
Try not to get too worked up over your latest relationship glitch. These things happen and today's is just a sign that things are working normally, not your cue to panic or abandon ship!
The bigger the risk is, the better the payoff could be. It's time to take that risk.
When shopping today, go for quality over price -- you need the very best! Ingredients for baking, tech gadgets and even your morning coffee are all part of the program and you want what you deserve.
A more intellectual connection with that new cutie may not be possible. Move on.
Your sense of power is making life a lot more interesting and you ought to be able to get your friends to see that things are working out for all of you. A little more time to tip the balance is all you need.
Don't succumb to pressure from a pal who is being too demanding. Go your own way.
Hold onto everything you can today -- though there are plenty of people trying to take it from you! The good news is that it doesn't last long and you should find that much if it was a misunderstanding.
There is a light shining on you today, and it will protect you in any situation.
Sit down with a kid or someone lower on the totem pole and tell them how it is. Your ability to offer solid advice is strong now and their willingness to listen is also peaking, so act now!
Someone you usually disagree or argue with will finally see things your way today.
You're feeling pretty awesome today and should share those feelings with someone close. You ought to be able to get them to open up far more than usual if you just settle down and let them go.
Today, your judgment might not be totally accurate, but that's only temporary.
Try your best to slow down any partnerships or business deals that are taking pace today -- you need to check under the good to make sure it's all as you want it to be. When you're satisfied, go ahead!
Today is not a good day to overspend or celebrate too much. Pare down your expenses.
Think carefully -- what can you do about that next step? Your logical mind is quite active now, so while you might not see all the connections, what you do see should make more or less perfect sense.
Your ego isn't something that grows on its own -- you have to nurture it right now.
You need to do a little more research before you can take action -- and today is the best possible day to get more info! Your sources are all easy to reach and you can count on what you hear.
Go outside today! The fresh air and natural beauty will keep you grounded and happy.
Get straight to the bottom of the latest big deal -- you've got the smarts and the energy to look for answers! It's much simpler than you think, but it may still take all day to hit the jackpot.
People are coming to your aid without your asking, and it feels good to be heard.
You're starting to get really frustrated with the busy-work you've been given, but there's no respite until tomorrow at the earliest. Work through it all with a smile or a grimace, but get it done!
Try not to commit any of your finances to anything that's even remotely risky today.
You're feeling a bit more introspective than usual -- it's one of those days when you're sure to cut a few things from your schedule, if possible, so you can sit and muse over recent happenings.
Today someone else's optimism is going to bug you -- you're in no mood for cheer.
You are feeling like you're at the end of your tether, but only when you're dealing with coworkers or friends. If you can stay at home or avoid deeper interactions, you avoid the temptation to bite!
If you have been struggling with planning an event or party, it's time to get help.
Your artistic nature is wreaking all sorts of lovely havoc today, so mix and match and see what you can come up with. Things are great, but you can make them even better if you make them pretty, too.
The tough days are going to be far behind you for a while -- today things are easy.
You're feeling really good about things today and a quick look at the details proves you're right. If you dive in even more deeply, you should find more reason than ever to feel proud!
Choose friends and family over your career today -- even if the boss won't like it.
You and your people are feeling way too irritated by the latest change to come down the pike -- but there is such a thing as being too critical! Try your best to just relax and deal with it all later.
You will finally start to see real, healthy change in a troubled relationship today.
Sometimes you need to stop worrying about the future or the past and just enjoy the present. Your amazing personal energy practically guarantees that today is sweet for you and your friends.
Getting time to yourself is difficult today -- your popularity is at a record high.
You need to take great care today when you're interacting with folks you don't know well -- especially folks at work. People are much more likely to take offense over nothing at all.
Put your life first today. Free yourself from the dramas in other people's lives.
You can sense that things are going to get busier, but you're ready for the action.  It's all about endurance now. You'll be able to do anything for any length of time.
Team up today, and you'll have loads of fun while getting loads of things done.
It's time for you to connect with someone new -- or someone you haven't heard from in years. Either way, you're likely to need the Internet to make it happen, so look them up and reach out.
If you need a place to feel accepted for who you are, turn to your family today.
You need to deal with paperwork or bills today before you do anything else. Look through your piles and envelopes to see if you've missed anything -- nobody wants to pay late fees!
Your friends are looking to you for guidance, though you don't have to turn into an advice dispenser -- just lead by example! Your pioneering personality helps everyone find the right path.
Whatever confusion your dreams have been causing will start to clear up today.  You're full of good energy that will carry you over any trouble that might erupt.
You are seized with the desire to try new things, meet new people, see new places and generally break yourself out of any ruts you've fallen into lately. Your playful nature helps you keep it fun!
Sometimes you need to stop worrying about the future or the past and just enjoy the present. Your amazing personal energy practically guarantees that today is sweet for you and your friends.
Getting time to yourself is difficult today -- your popularity is at a record high.
You need to take great care today when you're interacting with folks you don't know well -- especially folks at work. People are much more likely to take offense over nothing at all.
Put your life first today. Free yourself from the dramas in other people's lives.
The day's energy is holding you back a bit, though you really want to get out there and shake things up! Everything has a time and a place, though, so try to relax until your life opens up a bit.
Your big project seems daunting, but you know you can finish it off if you can just push through the next big rough patch. See if you can get your people to make the leap of faith with you.
Your intellect is sparkling with good energy today and you may feel the urge to take on some big new issue that has been bothering you lately. It's not a sure thing, but it feels about right.
Today demands balance from you and you can step right up to get things back on track. Many of your people are hard to reach or at least hard to gather in one place, but you can manage.
New members of your social group are starting to have a big effect on dynamics.  Devote your intense concentration to anything you do today that involves your friends.
Your friends are looking to you for guidance, though you don't have to turn into an advice dispenser -- just lead by example! Your pioneering personality helps everyone find the right path.
Whatever confusion your dreams have been causing will start to clear up today.  You're full of good energy that will carry you over any trouble that might erupt.
You are seized with the desire to try new things, meet new people, see new places and generally break yourself out of any ruts you've fallen into lately. Your playful nature helps you keep it fun!
You can win big today as long as you keep your eyes and ears open -- observation is really all you need to get yourself in order. See if you can just hang back while others plot and scheme.
Being friendly isn't about using people -- it's about connecting with another human.
It's tricky to balance your public life with your private life and today you almost certainly have to ditch the latter in favor of the former. Don't sweat it -- you can rebalance soon enough.
You are full of determination and no one can stop you -- although they might try.
Feel free to say no as much as you want today -- your sense of what you want and what you're willing to subject yourself to is unparalleled. It's one of those days that makes you glad to be you.
Financial issues are thwarting you somewhat today, though things are not nearly as bad as they might seem. You still need to focus on finance until you feel right about the situation, though.
Your big ideas are all coming together quite well today and you should certainly be able to get things moving quickly if need be. Your good energy makes you feel more connected to the world.
You are in the groove today and can get amazing amounts of work or chores done without breaking a sweat. It all pays off late in the day when an opportunity to have fun presents itself.
You're going to be impressing others today, and making very influential connections.
You attach yourself to a group that seems to share many of your ideals. It might seem odd to you, but you can only get so far on your own, so see what happens when you sink into the group.
You aren't in the mood to take care of anyone today, so once the essentials are out of the way, take care of yourself. It's a really good time for you to start something new and self-directed.
It's very easy for you (and many others) to get caught up in the heat of the moment and say things that are either regrettable or unforgettable. You may as well let it all happen, as resistance is useless.
You're still dealing with an issue that you thought you had left behind ages ago, but now you've got more tools to deal with it. You may be able to shake it at last and learn something valuable.
You've been going full steam ahead and are getting pretty tired. Take a break now.
You aren't fully engaged with your friends and coworkers today, thanks to some strange subliminal signals that seem to be coming from all angles. It's a good day to just absorb infomation and deal with it later.
You're feeling the urge to hide out today -- but you almost certainly need to project a more social image, at least for the time being. It might be hard, but it's definitely worth it to you.
Sometimes reaching smaller goals is much more valuable than reaching the big ones.
You need self-discipline today -- and you've got plenty! You may just need to keep your big mouth shut as the folks around you make fools of themselves or you may need to avoid a mighty temptation.
Life gets a lot easier for you today -- and you can tell that this new phase is going to last for a while! It's a really good time for you to try something new or to branch out in your work or studies.
Though you may have lots of different issues to keep track of today, your top concern is how you appear to be handling it all. That shouldn't shave any points off your performance, but it is odd for you.
You ought to make sure that you're not just going through the motions today -- you've got a perfect opportunity to make a great impression on someone of some importance. Go for the gold!
You can't help but smile when others heap praise upon you today -- even though you usually aren't all that impressed by good feedback. You can tell that they mean it and should be able to improve even further!
A friend or family member isn't being straight with you -- but it's not deliberate! They may not even realize what's really going on and should be left alone for a few days to figure it out.
Your tense relationship with a current authority figure is becoming more amicable.
Try not to worry too much if you're unhappily single right now -- that could change very quickly! Your love life is getting a boost and it's almost certainly related to your social life.
As this day starts, you will feel a ton of high energy coursing through your veins!
You've reached a kind of milestone in your work or your personal life and should take at least a moment to reflect on what is coming next for you. It's a great day for figuring out your future.
If you have a hidden agenda, you're not going to get too far with it. Open up today.
You can't be as clear as you'd like today, thanks to some serious weirdness rolling around in your mind. It's not that big a deal, really, as long as you can out off any serious, intense conversations for a bit longer.
Try to let the situation at home play itself out -- but if things get too imbalanced, you need to step in and take charge. That isn't fun for you, but if it's vital, you can do it for sure.
You're not entirely certain whether or not to intervene in the big fight that's going on today, in part because you can't figure out why it's happening. Try to just watch and ride it out.
Being by yourself will help you regain the balance between yourself and the world.
Try to hear people out today -- they may not be ready to open up completely, but you can at least remain aware of what they're going through. It's a good day for you to just listen and wait.
Your spiritual side is somewhat subdued right now and you should find that you're not as uncomfortable with that as you might have assumed. Don't worry -- it returns in a big way in the near future!
Your travel plans are coming along nicely -- you have started them, haven't you? If not, now is the time to think about where you want to go and how you want to get there. The world is yours!
Go slowly today and make sure you've got everything you need to get things done.
You need to calm down and let others catch up to you -- or even surpass you for the time being. It's one of those days when it's easy to forget that you're in a marathon, not a short-distance sprint.
Challenge your mental abilities today. It'll give you the solid ego boost you need.
You can score some serious brownie points by leaning over and helping someone gently with a tough problem they're having. It's time to be more proactive with your friends and family!
Be more conservative and try to take things nice and slow today. There's no rush.
It's time to draw on your odder resources and you may need to surprise a few people with some crazy moves. Your secrets are still safe or at least most of them are, so feel free to move ahead.
Someone new in your life is making you rethink quite a bit of your preconceptions -- and you think you like where you're headed! It's time for you to flip the switch and make a big change.
You've got needs and today gives you multiple opportunities to fulfill them. Your ambitions are pure and powerful now, so get out there in the world and do whatever it takes to get your way.
Expect the best today and it should come your way. Your great energy is down to earth and practical, and you ought to see good results as early as this afternoon. Others are paying attention.
You just aren't sure what to make of your latest plan -- something seems quite confusing about it. You may need to just sit back and let people think it over before asking for feedback.
Work issues are on your mind today -- and they are almost certainly quite mundane. You can make some amazing progress if you focus on the nitty-gritty, but if you have to think big, you only advance a little.
You can learn a lot by watching someone else's success -- as well as their failures.
You have to play king maker today and while you might not be too certain what's involved, you do know that your input is being actively sought by all the right players. Dive in and see what happens!
Communication is a bit more difficult today, especially with those who think they know you well. Their assumptions are off base, but you can't read their minds to let them know how they're wrong.
You can make complex ideas simple to understand -- so step up and be the leader.
It's the perfect time to sign anything -- even autographs! You may have a lease or business deal waiting your pen and you should feel good about any legal arrangement that begins today.
Today you're in an excellent position to affect your crowd in a very positive way.
Your ability to mix it up with all the right people means that you are drifting into a leadership role -- that is, if you aren't already filling it! Assume you can handle it and move on quickly.
You need to deal with people who are doubting you -- but your vision is clear enough that you can see through their concerns. It's one of those days when you can tell you're right.
Be patient about a new opportunity. It might take longer to come than you thought.
Your mate or your best friend is in need right now and you've got to step up -- no matter what else is going on in your life. It's a great day to score relationship points by any means necessary.
Open up to new people -- friends, clients, folks on the street. Your gregarious side is out in force now and you should be able to convert at least a few of them to your cause. Don't give up!
You're hung up on something that happened a long time ago, but you're not sure what to do about it now. You may just need to forgive and forget, though that is never the easiest thing to pull off.
You're not in the best position to get people back on track -- your energy is building up now and you can't make them see what needs to be done. Wait for one more day before taking action.
Problems you've been having at work will be over soon. You need to think positive.
You're not exactly ready to burst quite yet, but someone is definitely having an effect on you. Sadly, it's more negative than positive, but the irritability shouldn't last forever, so ride it out.
If you're in a situation that usually makes you nervous, just try to stay grounded.
If you have trouble understanding a friend, don't be too critical of their ideas.
Not everyone is on the same page today, but it may be harder to read them -- so use caution! You may have to slow down even more than you want in order to assure yourself all is well.
Your schedule changes suddenly, at least for today and you need to scramble to catch up. If you manage it all, you should find that things have shifted in your favor and you can make your move.
You've got a lot going on, but today's the perfect day to clear up your to-do list!
Making a change in your usual routine is easier said than done, but you can start.
You need to narrow your focus and work with the tiny stuff. Whatever you need to take care of can be done with ease, but only if all the details line up. You should be able to handle it all.
Try to take it easy today -- you need to slow down and avoid any of the impractical schemes that friends and coworkers keep suggesting. It's time for you to start saying no more forcefully.
If you need to deliver some negative news to someone today, do it over a good meal.
Some of your travel plans might have to be put on hold, but it's for a good reason.
Try a little extra socializing today -- you've got the energy and can tell that a renewal is coming up soon, so even if you do tire yourself out, you can expect to feel great again really soon.
A friend who is going through some dramas needs their space. Respect that today.
You need to make sure that you're on the right side of the fence this time -- use your analytical side to figure out who's right and who's just trying to hang on to something they don't deserve.
You bond with someone -- maybe someone new, maybe someone you don't see all that often -- over a shared interest that surprises each of you. Your easy energy makes social connections a snap.
If you respect other people in the decisions you make, then they will respect you.
You can get your way pretty easily today -- all you need to do is grin and folks should open right up! Lots of people are looking outward for their emotional cues, so if you give them reason to be happy you're in!
If you can share even a tiny portion of your great energy with your peers today, they should be excited for weeks! You can hardly believe how great your new idea makes you feel, so follow it up.
Taking action is something that you need to take seriously. Take your time today.
Good friends aren't easy to come by -- but you feel great about your assortment! It's a good time for you to look through your contact list and check in with anyone you haven't heard from in a while.
You aren't sure why everyone around you seems to be so distant -- but it wasn't anything you did! The day's energy just makes you a little more emotional at the same time that others are less so.
A tough challenge lies ahead of you, but everything will be fine if you go slow.
Get involved in the planning process for whatever is coming up today -- you're a natural and your great mental energy is just what's needed to measure the best possible results when it all comes together.
You're finding it easier and easier to get behind the latest big idea or trend that's making its way through your community -- and your great energy should help you put a twist on it that makes it your own!
Your life can't always be about having fun. But the work you do now will pay off.
You've got needs, too! Your friends and family often rely on you for taking care of them in various ways, but today is all about you -- so do whatever feels right and let them fend for themselves.
You are focusing on intellectual pursuits right now and you ought to be able to satisfy your own curiosity and impress all the right people simultaneously. Take serious things seriously.
Today you will meet people who are capable of deep and meaningful conversations.
You hit on something new that feels incredibly meaningful to you -- and it's easy to see that it's going to play a more and more important role in your life from now on. Embrace it soon!
Start creating a much closer relationship with someone who has authority over you.
You've waited long enough -- now is the time to get things going! 
Exciting things are in store for you today, especially in terms of romance!
Mental energy flows more freely today and you should be able to shake loose a few new good ideas out of the depths of your consciousness. It's a good time to chat and brainstorm with peers, too!
You can create a stronger air of authority today -- it won't be difficult at all.
Cast your net far and wide when seeking input today -- you've got far more people than you may think of at first. Not every last word is pure wisdom, but together it adds up to something wonderful.
A friend or loved one explodes in rage or something similar today, leaving you scrambling to figure out what happened. It's one of those things that might never make sense, try as you might.
Someone from far out of town needs your help and you feel a sense of kinship than transcends culture and language. It's a good time for you to reach out across all barriers and do even more good.
You've got to start actively building your network. It's not pushy, it's wise.
You are facing hard challenge today and should make sure that you're up for it by checking in with your people from far and wide. There's a good chance it's family- or home-related.
You will be let in on some very juicy secrets, but what you hear won't surprise you.
You're trying to figure out someone who's not making the most sense just now -- but thanks to the miracle of body language, you should be able to get a hold on them. It just takes a lot longer!
Save your analytical skills for business. When it comes to love, use your heart.
It's the perfect time for you to purchase an upgrade or to improve yourself in some way -- you're doing fine, but could always do a little better! If you seek to better yourself, you find it easy.
You have enough charm to get what you want, but you need more manpower. Ask.
Today is perfect for starting partnerships, friendships and relationships of all kinds -- you can feel confident in your judgments and ought to be able to profit from almost any shared project.
You're too young to get stuck in such a deep rut. Get out and get active today!
It's a great day to change your look, rearrange furniture or visit an art gallery -- your aesthetic sense is incredibly powerful! Use your good energy to make the world a little more beautiful.
Want to get something good started today? You mighty have to do it on your own.
You've been dwelling on the details for so long that it makes you feel a lot better when you realize that you can pull back and look at the big picture instead. You get a sense of optimism.
You could get confused about small details and dates today. Double check things.
Good times come easily today and you are having more fun than you know what to do with. Your friends and family are more relaxed than usual (most of them, anyway) and support your plans.
Consider the true value of a stormy relationship. Is it time to cut your losses?
Spend some quality time talking over important issues with your mate or your dearest friends -- you've got a knack for capturing your beliefs in words that needs to be used quickly!
Stop finding excuses for not doing something. Start thinking of potential rewards.
Deal with the duality of your life by trying to achieve balance in all that you do.
Try to get your friends to help out as you take action today -- almost anything goes better for you when you've got backup! If you've got to go it alone, don't despair. The world is behind you!
You're less concerned with flirting up a storm, and more concerned with a good chat.  Advice you give today will be taken very seriously. You must take it seriously too.
You may be feeling some anti-romance feelings right about now. Get some alone time.
News comes your way that you need to rebroadcast quickly -- toss out a big email, write it up on your blog or find some other way to spread the word. You are the hub of the network, for now.
If today starts to get rough on you, remember that even hurricanes end eventually.
You are still focused on your home life today, so try your best to keep it all together even as it feels as if it's falling apart. You aren't as optimistic as you should be, but time will fix that for you!
You're feeling pretty slippery today and should be able to get out of any sticky situations you find yourself in. Try not to feel too bad if you leave someone else stuck, because you can't help them much.
Being too critical of others today isn't wise -- don't go overboard with feedback.  
Try to help a friend in need today -- even if you don't really know what they need. Your intuitions are probably just as good as their explicit requests and it's really the gesture that counts.
As excited as you may be about a social invitation, you must think twice about it.
You're not feeling that great today -- but it's not illness that's the cause. Your energy is just smothered by recent events that seem to have taken over your life, but you should rebound pretty soon.
Listen to your inner voice today -- it is much clearer than usual and should direct you to the best use of your energy. If a friend seems troubled, talk to them -- you can get them to open up.
Your money is yours to spend however you wish, but don't skimp on tipping tonight.  Think about your budget on other possible activities.
You need to deal with something that's much bigger than your run-of-the-mill problems -- and part of the issue is internal. Settle down and think things through, as you don't need any special magic this time.
You've got so much good energy that you can hardly believe how great you feel! It's one of those days when you can catch up with everyone and still get all your work done -- it's easy!
You're in the mood for a little change of pace and should be able to get what you need, thanks to a new person or place in your immediate vicinity. Open yourself to all sorts of possibilities!
Today will start off incredibly smoothly -- a sweet gift may even land in your lap.Don't be afraid to doubt! Dissent is a necessary part of making things better.
You are ready for some audacious action today! You are full of deserved confidence.
Folks like what you've got to say today and you should be able to get them to keep listening for a lot longer than they would otherwise. If you've got anything tricky or complex to get across, go for it!
It's a good day to get a fresh perspective on some recent developments in your life.  It's time for some changes to come to your surroundings -- and you're ready for it!
A family member who knows how to push every button you've got is on a tear today and is almost certainly acting out just to get a rise out of you. If you can smirk and nod, you win big!
An open mind gets you much farther today, so try your best to accept or at least hear out all new ideas. It may be hard to absorb it all into your world view, but the rewards make it worthwhile.
You feel like the ant in a world full of grasshoppers -- but don't let that keep you from planning for your future. Just because you're the only one, that doesn't mean it's not worth doing.
Expect something big to take over your life today -- and it should be for the better. Big changes are in the air for most people, actually and you ought to be able to ride the wave to greatness.
Open your mouth and say something interesting to a stranger and see what happens.
You're not in a rut, even though it might feel like it. If it makes you happier, try something new and spontaneous today -- your great personal energy guarantees you'll have a fantastic time.
Group efforts are much more challenging and rewarding than solo work today, so make sure that you're leading the way or at least getting the right kind of help from your friends or coworkers.
You understand that anything of quality takes time -- but not everyone else does.
Take care of your highest needs today -- your thirst for power, your desire for true partnership or whatever else motivates your highest self. It might involve a major shift for you.
Today you'll be getting along quite well with someone you sometimes bicker with.
Pay close attention to your family today -- they've got more going on than usual and you are potentially more helpful than usual. The balance needs time to work itself out, but you can be patient.
Teamwork has never seemed so important to you as it does today and you should be able to get your people to band together with ease. You can feel your good energy starting to ramp up.
You just can't tell what's going on with your friends today -- they are either teasing you or testing you, but nothing is clear. See if you can get them to hang on while you pull back and wait this out.
Your future is yours and yours alone. So don't let anyone else influence your goals.
Life isn't quite as you'd like it to be today -- but that is only because you're not reading it clearly. See if you can get yourself to just toddle along aimlessly for a while, as that can be quite illuminating.
Adding to your material wealth is not important now. Focus on helping other people.
Your mind is not on your job, school, chores or whatever else you need to take care of in the real world -- but that's not so bad. As long as your wallet and keys are safe, you're good to go.
When someone does something outrageous today, give them the benefit of the doubt.
You'll get some preferential treatment today. Don't you dare feel guilty about it.
Whatever comes next for you, it's easy to see that you're going to take it all the way. See if you can get your supporters to see that things need to change in the near future in order for everyone to do well.
It may seem as if people are trying to provoke you -- especially younger folks -- but you need to respond calmly and quietly. Do whatever it takes to keep cool as you tell them how it's going to be.
You're feeling immensely frustrated with someone -- but you shouldn't take it out on them too harshly! It's just one of those days when you need to make sure you're keeping calm at all times.
Your social energy is ebbing now and you need to keep quiet for a while as you wait for it to return. It's a good time to take care of solo pursuits or to spend some quiet time on your own.
You're feeling the pulse of the city or the community as a whole today and while it might not all be good, you can feel the need for change. It's coming, but maybe not quickly enough for you.
You have tons of good energy now -- just be sure that you use it for good things.  No matter what your philosophy of life, you will need to be open to new ideas.
Can you blow off bills and paperwork for another day or two? If so, you certainly should -- your ability to tackle small details is rather lacking just now and you'd rather deal with something bigger.
You're going through some very interesting times -- but you don't feel cursed! It's a great day to use your powers of deduction and your amazing intuition to get at the truth behind the weirdness.
You can't control some negative feelings today -- most likely envy or jealousy. You might as well be open about them, so you don't build up hidden resentment on top of everything else!
You've got energy to spare -- and plans to work on! You're in just the right space to make your one decisions and move forward on anything that feels right to you. Art, romance or work can all make you smile.
Avoid getting involved with anything that looks like a power struggle right now.  Analyze the unseen elements of your personality -- start showing them to the world.
You can make a real difference with people today -- as long as you're willing to cross unspoken boundaries and reach out to those who might not be so willing to accept your assistance.
Organization is a big problem today -- at least as far as you're concerned.  You are as put together as always, but your people all seem to be scatter-brained and unable to deal with real life.
Dream up some new way to let your sweetie know how you feel -- or to attract attention, if you're currently single. Your good energy is the perfect remedy for others' feelings of sadness.
Let others at work or at home deal with their own problems on their own time -- you don't need to play baby-sitter! Whatever else is going on, you need to focus on your own issues.
If you've been physically active with any regularity, you will see results today.
Put off your big appointment or date until some other time -- you've got bigger things to worry about now. It's one of those days when you've got more to do than you realize, but it's all manageable.
Speak up today -- you need to be the one who can say what everyone else is thinking. If you're not sure, wing it and see what happens. You are almost certain to surprise yourself and others.
You're committed to one person -- but it might not be a romantic thing! Your ability to build strong relationships extends to all areas of life, so expect this to last quite a long time for you both.
You're far out there on the edge of thought today -- so much so that others may have a hard time understanding you. That's cool, as long as you can explain it to them later so they get it.
Someone you don't know very well needs some words of wisdom -- share what you know.
You might say things you regret today, but that just means you're living on the edge, at least a little. It's not so bad that you need to stay home, but you should be prepared to backpedal a bit.
Fighting causes far more problems than it solves today, so do whatever it takes to keep yourself calm and others around you the same way. It may take some doing, but is completely worthwhile.
You are at a point in life when you can sit back and relax -- so why don't you?
You're feeling too relaxed to really get behind the mad rush you can see going on all around you -- so see if you can get your friends or coworkers to support you as you slow down.
Today you step into a leadership position, and will get everyone on the same page.
Work issues are almost certain to pop up today, thanks to a bad boss or just a momentary glitch in the command structure. Try to just roll with it today, as you can't remedy it in any long-term way.
Negotiations are easy today. You'll get what you want without making any enemies.
You may feel somewhat overwhelmed by all the craziness going on at work or at home, but you can handle each task as it arises as long as you don't think too much about how it all fits into the big picture.
Today you will have the ability to see yourself objectively and make a good change.
Prove yourself to a friend or relative today -- it's easy for you! Try to just keep them on their toes a little, but make sure you swoop in to save the day just then they need you the most.
It's an incredibly productive day, so you may want to tackle big projects that seem kind of overwhelming from your perspective. It's not one of those things that lasts forever, so make the most of it!
Open up and let your friends and family know how you are -- there may be some feelings that have been hidden, though you didn't know it. You're in the right place to speak from the heart.
You need to let go of one of your many plans today -- it's just not realistic any more! The good news is that it should free you up for taking on even more amazing projects once you rest for a bit.
This is not an auspicious day for signing agreements of any kind, so make sure that you have enough wiggle room to put it off for a few days. If not, then try to scale back the scope, if possible.
You're a little confused still, but can tell that there's just not quite enough information for you to understand the situation. It's a good time to look for more clues up close. Things should resolve soon.
Someone as charming as you can work their way around any obstacles with a smile.
Shopping is on your mind today, even if it hardly ever is. You've got an eye for antiques or maybe just for old kitschy retro stuff that might look good in some hidden corner of your house.
A friend has some good advice regarding your health, and it's time to listen to it.
Show your friends what you're made of today -- you don't always go along with the program! You may be taking a stand just to prove that you can, but there's nothing really wrong with that.
You need more options in your life. That doesn't mean it's time to skip town and start up somewhere new under an assumed name, but it does mean you can open that door you've been curious about.
Don't accept gifts today without knowing what strings are attached. Ask questions.  Today is not the time for you to be on center stage. Do your time in the audience.  
You're in the middle of some intricate financial dealings and need to make sure that you've got all the information you need. You may have to plow ahead blind for a while, but not for long.
You and your friends have more in common than you realize and today should bring you all together in some new way. It's the perfect time to work together toward some large common goal.
Your emotions are all over the place when you think about your next big move, which could be anything from marriage to taking a new job. It's a good time to get yourself pulled together and unified.
Listen to your peers today -- they've got a lot of wisdom underneath their seeming dulled wits. When they start to speak out, hang back and hear them out until they get going in the right direction.
You'll turn heads with beautiful words, so use your killer creative writing skills.
It's important to build personal relationships with professional colleagues today.
You are more than ready to tackle that big decision -- go for it! Even if you think you don't have all the info you need, you can still be confident that your judgment is impeccable right now.
Friends are on edge today, even though they may not show the signs of it before they blow up in a cloud of emotion. Try not to see them off, but it's not like they come with instruction manuals!
Your inner strength is really something to behold. You may actually find that people are a little intimidated today, which is ridiculous -- you certainly mean them no harm! Things settle down soon.
Nobody seems able to tell you what they really want today or maybe you're just not understanding them all that well. In any case, you should make sure that you're asking for clarification.
Do not be shy about accepting any accolades that come your way today! Soak them up.
Follow your mood today. And make no apologies for choosing the less ambitious path.
You feel like you're going through quite a lot right now, but you also feel certain that it's all good in the long run. It's one of those days when you can transform yourself without much trouble.
Stick with what you know today -- you've got plenty to do without worrying about anything that's only potential or far off in the future. If you concentrate on the present, you'll do just fine.
Today is not the time for in-depth evaluations. Just kept things light and easy.
Reevaluate your methods for dealing with arguments and decide to be compassionate.
You're on the mend from some recent trauma -- emotional or physical -- that seemed like a much bigger deal when it happened. You can feel the healing take place and should be fine as usual soon.
Avoid anything that seems to be too intense today -- you've got enough to deal with as it is! If your gut check doesn't tell you anything then you should pass until you can get more certainty.
Explore your artistic energy more today -- you've got plenty to spare and there is most likely not much else going on to distract you. If a friend needs help, try to make sure they see the spiritual side of their issue.
Taking things slowly is the wisest strategy for everything in your life today.
Your mental and spiritual energy are flowing together and turning you toward larger philosophical questions. You may not get all the answers, but you're asking the right questions and that's what counts.
You are more reserved than usual today and it might be a good time to shut your door and focus on personal issues. If you must be social, try to let others do the heavy conversational lifting.
You've got far more going on today than anyone close can realize -- and your odder talents can help you save the day! It's a good time for you to step up to show the world what you can do.
You are much more sensitive than usual to your friends' teasing, but with luck, they should bypass you and hit other targets. If you do come under fire, try to tell them the truth about your feelings.
You're on fire today! Whatever you choose to apply yourself to is sure to go well and while others may not fully understand what's going on, you know you can explain it to them sometime later.
It's in your best interest to do as little as possible now. Let other people shine.
Though you may have it all planned out to the last detail, your heart could still shake up your big project today. That might actually be for the best, so don't despair if things start to get out of control.
You're not very productive right now and it's not just spring fever! You need to relax a little in preparation for the burst of great energy that is coming up soon. Take the day off, if you can.
Anyone can get you on their side today as long as they appeal to your intelligence.
You've done plenty for the community -- now it's time for you to take care of your own needs. If you feel selfish, just remember that even the most giving of caretakers needs care themselves sometimes.
Look beneath the surface of the everyday stuff to find a hidden quest. It's there!
Today is perfect for spending with your children, nieces, nephews or other kids who look up to you. It's easier than ever to connect on their level and to get them heading in the right direction.
Your thoughtful side is fully engaged today and you ought to be able to get yourself wrapped up in something really chewy and interesting. You're feeling a bit slow physically, so that's all good.
This is a very busy time for you -- rearrange your priorities. The fun can wait.Take stock of your goals. Analyze what you're trying to do and be ready to change.
It's a good day for shopping -- but also for getting rid of stuff! You should see if you can get your family to help you make a list of things to get rid of or to sell and then see how you feel about your home.
You're not in the best mental place for solo activities, so spend more time with friends and family. A date would be just about right, but even a quiet evening at home watching TV would suit you.
It's one of those days when you need to perform for people, maybe as part of an interview process of maybe on a date. You're not feeling totally confident, but the show must go on and you do just fine.
If you can stand an unproductive day, you should be just fine right now. It's a great time for you to deal with people as they really are, not as you want them to be and that could mean slowing down somewhat.
You can't make up your mind about something that everyone else seems to be having no troubles with. Don't rush into anything, though -- you need to deal with it all on your own terms.
You are more naturally in tune with the world's music today, though it may carry you far afield from your usual tastes. Explore and enjoy what you find -- you may hit on your next big obsession!
Look out for introverted folks. Be generous and include them in conversations.
Look at all the details facing you and see if you can integrate any of them into something larger. That's just one possible answer to your problem, but it's one you know you can tackle right away.
You're feeling a little tense today, but there's no good reason for it. See if you can just chill out and spend some time on your own -- you need to rest for a bit before getting back in the game.
You can see what's going on with your friends better than they can themselves and it's a good time for you to share your insights. Make sure you go about it diplomatically or you might start something ugly!
You're in a solid learning phase, and your mind is ready to take in new information.
Though your energy may be a bit subdued just now, you can still discover all sorts of great things. You may need to share the information with someone close, so get ready to explain it all.
A friend has an excellent idea that can help you initiate a new plan for romance.
Today is perfect for sharing your thoughts with coworkers and family members -- most people are laid back and ready to hear new ideas. Not everyone goes for everything, of course!
Meeting a new person today? An unexpected snag will help you two bond more closely.
You and a partner or friend need to find common ground or at least an opportunity for all parties to have their say. Compromise is possible, even if it seems somewhat difficult to pull off.
Take extra time to appreciate the simple beauty that will be all around you today.
Your intuitive powers are usually pretty strong, but today is kind of ridiculous! You may pick up on signals you had no idea existed, but acting on them might prove to be kid of tricky for the next few days.
It's important to be around people who share the same values as you right now.
Share a secret with a loved one, just to bring you closer together. It doesn't have to be deep and dark, but it should be something that means a lot to you. It's a good time to bond.
If someone new confuses you today, avoid them -- no matter how beautiful they are.
Someone at work or at home is presenting a bigger challenge than usual and you've got to step up to it as soon as you can. It's a good day to find your center and then do whatever you think is right.
You're drowning in details, but you can work your way through them to the point where you're more or less treading water. It's a good day for you to get some help with things you don't understand fully.
Use your charm to get people on your side today -- flattery might be your best bet!
Your great energy today makes you even more dependable than usual, so don't worry about tricky tasks or hard-to-remember appointments -- you should make it through them all with ease!
You've got quite a lot on your mind right now, so it may be a good time for you to sit down somewhere quiet and really pore over your inner life. It's pone of those days when big things can change.
Be faithful in yourself and in your heart -- it will tell you what you need to do.
You may feel pretty busy today, but you can still relax if you make time for it. Try to make sure you're not just puttering along and doing chores all day -- you've got to let yourself chill!
This is a day to believe that anything is possible, because who knows? Maybe it is.
The big stuff is more important than ever today and while you might want to let it slide, now is the time to tackle it head-on! If you avoid them or put them off, you should find them growing out of control soon.
It's nearly certain that some of the folks you see every day are acting strangely now and it's all thanks to some deep issues that they don't even know the first thing about. Take your time with social stuff.
Now is the time to ask for a raise or to increase your rates -- you deserve a bump in your income and now is a good time for you to slide it in under the radar. Things are starting to look even better!
Who's in charge around the house? If you live alone, that's a no-brainer, but if not, today brings all sorts of challenges to authority -- yours and others'. Things could really shake up by tonight!
Analytical skills are not going to help you figure out your love life. Just feel.
If someone gets on your nerves, focus on the part of their personality you like.
You're maybe just a wee bit too attached to some idea or gadget -- or person. Now is the perfect time to pull back to a healthy level of attachment, even if it feels like abandonment at first.
The line between reality and fantasy will get quite blurry today, and it'll be fun!
Your creative side needs to be exercised and today is the best day to get to work on it! Don't let your right brain get soft and flabby -- you need to figure out something new and cool to do soon.
Boost your blue mood with some nice conversation today. Seek out a funny friend.
Communication is your first commandment today, but you might be on the go also. If you can stand to run around while yammering on your mobile, you should be able to reach everyone you need.
Meet new people and find new ways to interact with them today -- you can get quite playful if you desire! It's a really good time to start off in new directions that you don't need to commit to yet.
Your friends keep making plans and then dropping out, which can get a little frustrating -- but if you make the plans yourself, they should stick! Tell them what's happening and they'll show up.
You have no idea what to do about that new financial situation, but the good news is that this is not a good time to make big decisions anyway. Just let it ride for the time being and check it out later.
Your desires are a little farther from the mainstream than usual today, but you're used to going your own way. It's a good day to let your eccentricities shine, no matter what anyone else says!
Be receptive to the idea that something doesn't have to be new to be fascinating.
Don't talk yourself out of anything today -- even your craziest ideas are likely to succeed if you throw yourself into them wholeheartedly! You may be able to convince your friends that anything is possible!
You're frightfully smart today, but not so much that you intimidate your peers. Your good ideas are easy to explain and you shouldn't have too much trouble getting them to accept the way it's going to be.
If you maneuver into the middle of a heated discussion today, you might get burned!
You've got lots of stuff going on right now -- maybe a bit too much? It's one of those days when you really need to say hello to everyone you meet and dive into all activities, but you can pull it off.
Whenever you experience new things today, slow down and savor every one of them.
You've got more going on inside than anyone realizes today and it could make decision-making a bit more difficult. Try to find alternate methods of choosing -- reason can't get you everywhere!
You'll be able to be everyone's hero today with your unique problem-solving skills.
You share something small and sweet with your romantic partner -- or someone who's soon going to fill that role! Your social energy is perfect for pair-bonding and you should get a great response.
Slow down -- or else you'll miss the point of the life you are living. Enjoy things.
Someone -- probably, but not necessarily, a kid -- gets under your skin in a new way and you need to find a way to keep from biting their head off. You can do it, but it may take a whole new level of maturity.
Nothing is for certain today, which means you can make it a good day if you try.
You need to think quickly today to catch the big opportunity that is coming your way. It's a great day for moving, though, so you shouldn't have a hard time making the most of it when it comes.
Have you been attracting some flighty people? Handle them best by being blunt.
Speak in generalities today and try not to corner yourself into taking a hard position on anything. If you can get away with wishy-washiness, you are sure to be able to ride out the coming weirdness.
There's a huge wave of flirtatious energy today, and most of it is coming from you!
You may think you're being clever, but it's far too easy to insult people today, so take it easy! The good news is that any ego bruises should heal really quickly, so don't worry about the long term.
Don't be a fake friend. You've must always be true to yourself and to other people.
Your thinking can get pretty lofty today, so you may want to stick with the people you know will be most likely to support your flights of fancy. Make sure you're not just going over their heads!
You've got quite a lot on your mind, but you can't seem to get into any one topic too deeply. You may need to get a little mental help from a friend or loved one to really crack the nut.
You're getting closer to a very special person in your life. Ask them that question.
This is not a good day for finalizing arrangements -- though it may be a good time for opening negotiations. If you must sign anything, make sure someone else has vetted it thoroughly for you.
Change people's minds with quick reasoning and cold logic -- and get what you want.
Put away the photo albums and focus more on your future. Nostalgia is so yesterday.
Try to go slow today -- especially when it comes to work or business. If you rush into anything, you are almost certain to regret some aspects of your new situation. Slow down and win!
Someone's been sitting on the fence too long for your taste. Tell them so today.
Mix it up a little bit -- you can't spend all day at work or at home! Get out there and find some new place to hang out or to eat lunch, as your energy is impossible to contain in any one location.
Communicate your innermost self by whatever means of expression you feel is right.
You're in the mood for a little excitement today, so try something totally new and see how you like it! You may find that it's easier than ever for you to get your people to open, too!
The beginning of the year isn't the only time to make resolutions. Change is good.
You're pretty creative even on your off days, but right now, your energy is all powered up and pushing you forward to new lengths! You might be able to pull off something really big if you make the effort!
Your communication could be easily misconstrued today if you are not careful.
Your work may get incredibly complicated today -- but you can handle it. Of course, you're better off if you can delegate or collaborate, but if you can just break it all down, you should do well.
In a group situation today, you'll notice an unusual minor detail and save the day.
Something small and strange takes over your mind somewhat today, but it's not deleterious to your home or work life. Just let the detail bob around in your consciousness until you decide what it means.
Your ability to reason through your problems is greatly enhanced right now, so you should be able to make a lot of progress, though someone's feelings might get bruised a little by tonight.
Your impressive intellectual strengths will help make you very popular with people.
Revisit that old problem that has been popping up every now and then for so long -- you should have a fresh perspective on it now. It's a good time to take quick action to fix things up.
You're feeling a bit restless, but you can fix that with a new statement or taking some bold action -- you may need to fill in the gaps later, but you're good at that! Take any direction if you can't decide.
Try to stick with the plan today -- any change in your routine will create problems.
Listen to your emotions today -- they are the key to success! If you're cranky, do something different until you're happy again and then keep moving in that direction until you're finished.
You're feeling mighty fine about your new situation, though it might not really seem all that new right now. It's working out for the best and you might have the chance to tell someone 'I told you so.'
A good friend needs you more than they can tell you -- communication might be a bit difficult for them today, but not for you. Reach out and see what you can do to make their life a little easier.
You need to make a change -- and it's not easy. The good news is that your personal energy is all focused and directed toward making the most of your life and creating positive outcomes!
You need to get better deals on your regular shopping -- not that you're heading for a financial crisis, but just because it's in your nature to be thrifty now and then. It's not that hard for you.
You were being flirted with and didn't realize it -- it's not too late for you two!
Try to stick with your agenda or schedule for the day -- interruptions or distractions are likely to cost you plenty! That doesn't mean you can't have fun, but you do need to keep it sedate.
You're capable of using your energy lots of different ways, so don't limit yourself.
Today is just about perfect for exercising your creative energy. It's a good idea for you to take it slowly, though -- you're not quite in sync with the energy of the day. There's no need to rush, anyway!
You're going through some pretty crazy emotions right now, but it should all end up being pretty great in the long run. Just let them have their way with your heart for the time being!
You've got more brain power today than usual -- and can pretty easily outfox your competition at work, in school or even just in traffic! Use your good energy to make life easier for your people.
Try to tap into that well of good energy you can feel down deep and see if you can inspire yourself to do something new. You may be able to force-start the next chapter of your life, if you want!
Your family is much more important to you today, but that could be good or bad. It may be that a bratty child is making your life miserable or it could be that you're getting an unexpected visit!
Your naturally warm personality is going to melt any icy personalities you meet.
Your deepest mind is fully active today and it may cause you to take some actions that strike others as bizarre or inexplicable. Don't bother trying to explain just now -- things make sense later.
An exciting surprise is coming your way. You'll be delighted by the unexpectedness.
Life is incredibly rich today --and you need to follow it as far as it takes you! See if you can get your friends and family to join you as you explore and go deeper into the coolest aspects.
A friend is not feeling secure about what they are doing -- give them some support.
Your energy is more grounded right now, which might mean you aren't given to wild inspiration -- but also means you are in a much better place to really connect with the most important people.
Don't let your emotionality ruin the things you want to do. Start on them anyway.
If it feels like the whole world is against you or that nothing can go right, take a deep breath and look to the future. You're going through a brief phase of trouble that can't last much longer.
You can do almost anything today -- your energy levels are almost perfect and you can tell that everything is lined up your way! It's a good time for you to try things that are a little out there.
Your home is not as comfortable as it could be, but that just means that you know where to focus your efforts for the day. Fix things up physically and emotionally so you can feel at home.
You are at the top of your game today! Spread your luck around -- it is contagious.
Whether you keep a detailed, itemized budget or just keep it all jumbled in your head, you need to think through your spending habits and bit more carefully today. It shouldn't take too long.
Get in touch with your flexibility at the start of today -- it will come in handy.
Progress is hard to come by today -- it seems like the world is trying to drag you backward! That doesn't mean you should worry about losing much ground, but just don't expect too much for the day.
Your routine used to feel boring, but it is calming now -- tried and true is good.
Your emotions are all over the place today, but you can use that big brain to help. Figure out how to organize them in ways that make sense to you so you can talk them out with your people.
Your emotions are a little more obvious than other people's are, but that can work to your advantage. When you're feeling good -- like you almost certainly are now -- the whole world knows it!
Your energy levels are quite high today and you should be able to keep at it far longer than usual -- making lots of progress while you're at it! See if you can scoop up a friend in your wake.
The warmth you feel from your friends will keep you in a fabulous mood all day long.
Your social side needs some stimulation and that isn't too hard to come by. You don't have to make a hundred new friends, but if you're open to others, you can get a lot out of them.
You have a chance at something that will change your future -- be opened-minded.
Creative energy is running through you without resistance today -- and you should be able to dream up bunches of new projects or fun ideas to work on later. If you get crazy, you might finish some up now!
Optimism is extremely powerful, so flash your smile when you feel at your lowest.
You've got to share some of your great energy with friends today -- it's impossible to keep it to yourself! It's easy to make up with those you've been fighting with or to make new friends.
You and a new person in your life will make one heck of a good combination today.
Try not to get too crazy when things start to happen today -- it's far too easy for you to stiffen your back and not listen to anyone who suggests compromise. It's a good time to slow down.
You will find it torture to be around too many overbearing people. Spend time alone.
You're feeling a bit crazed over your tight schedule, but there's no easy way to wriggle free of your obligations. It's one thing to complain, but another entirely to shirk your responsibilities!
You should be very careful with your money and stuff today -- you've got more requests coming in than you can possibly honor. It might be easiest to just say no to everyone for the time being.
You have a lot of fun working your way toward the truth today -- especially through arguments. You might not hold on to any one belief too tenaciously, but you do get closer to something that feels right.
Now is the best item to host a party or to invite someone over to your home for a quiet get-together. Your amazing domestic energy makes you even more entertaining than usual, which is saying something.
Your romantic energy is strong now and you are in a good position to get even closer to the object of your affections. It's easier than ever to ask people out and take giant steps together.
When you aim at your romantic target today, you need to switch off your emotions.
You're feeling a bit out of sorts, but you can get recharged if you spend some quality time with your favorite person. That may take some dong thanks to conflicting schedules, though!
Let the outrageous and radical side of your personality come out more boldly today.
It's too easy to be penny-wise and pound-foolish today, so try to look at factors beyond price when making purchasing decisions. You're sure to find a better deal in something that lasts.
Align yourself with someone smarter than you. They're rare people but they exist.
Things are getting hard to deal with around the workplace -- or wherever you spend most of your time. Power games are unavoidable and you need to step up and fulfill your role in them.
Let others have their drama -- you don't need any of that! In fact, this is the best day to just focus on your own business and ignore everyone else as much as possible. Don't let them drag you down with them!
Your romance skills may not be the best, but that shouldn't stop you from flirting.
Artistic projects are more appealing than ever and you should find that you're coming up with hot ideas all day long. It's a good time to store some away for later, but make sure you get some work done, too!
Introspection gives you strength, especially if you think about what makes you mad.
If you step back and look at the bigger picture today, things will become clear.
When your family or peers at work start to lose the thread, it's up to you to take the lead. They need a little guidance and you can see the big picture with greater clarity than usual.
Being in a power struggle isn't the same as being in a war. You must be respectful.
You rely on your talent for organization to get you through rough times, but today it seems to be failing you. Take a deep breath and let your mind seek out the easiest path through the brambles.
You're in an awkward position -- you've got to decide who wins something or gets their way over others and you aren't sure how to choose. Either way, someone else is also deserving.
You're in the mood for something a little gentler than your recent activities. Your good energy ensures that you've got exactly what it takes to get your way, as long as you take it easy.
Becoming a member is the first step to becoming a leader, so find a group today.
At least one important person comes to you seeking advice today. Take it seriously, even if it's a small issue or one that seems perfectly clear to you at first glance. There may be more to it.
You're feeling some serious creative energy flowing through you now, but it may be harder than usual to bring it to life. That's okay -- it should last for a while and brighten your day.
You're showing of a bit today -- even if you don't think you are. It's one of those times when you're just not paying careful attention to what people think needs to be done for the sake of politeness.
Your career isn't perfect, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel today.
You're facing a crossroads today, most likely involving work. It's one thing to let things proceed on their own, but another entirely to blithely ignore the way things ought to be.
You're in the right place to get your way with your friends or coworkers -- you may have just hit a big milestone or found a way to solve a big problem and the glory belongs solely to you.
Personal growth is happening under the surface today and you can feel yourself stretching out in exciting new ways. It's fun this time -- there are no serious growing pains to speak of.
Listen carefully to opposing viewpoints today -- even if you're dead-set against them, you can still learn quit a lot from them. It's a good time for you to figure out a new way to get along with opponents.
You need to make sure that you're getting enough time to think things through, because your amazing energy is filling your head with visions that you really want to explore and bring to life.
You usually embrace multiple activities, as keeping busy is good medicine for you. Today, though, you just want peace and quiet, but you have to keep dealing with multiple irritations.
Some days, you're just better off staying home! You're more irritable than usual right now and it's far too easy for others to make you crazy with their demands or quirks. Try to keep smiling!
If you truly want to achieve harmony with a grumpy friend, get centered in yourself.
Work issues are on your mind, no matter what your situation may be. This is not the best time to take bold stands or risk much, but you are feeling good enough to settle old business.
If you're expecting progress today, you need to prepare for a bit of disappointment. See if you can get yourself to accept that a bit of a slowdown is vital before real progress can be made.
Share your feelings with someone close -- or someone new, if you're feeling romantic. It's a good time to open up, as you should get the best possible response from those you care about.
With every step you take today, you're approaching a major turning point. Get ready.
Take a travel fantasy and start turning it into reality today. Do some research.
You're a bit busier than you'd like, but you know you can get all this stuff out of the way if you just run with it. See if you can get your friends or colleagues to help out when it gets rough.
You need to mount a spirited defense of something important to you -- even if it doesn't seem to be under attack! It's one of those days when you can tell that things are a little more tenuous.
It's not the best day for dating or for parties -- you're a bit more introverted than usual and would rather hang out on your own or with one close friend than mix it up in a new social situation.
Get started in a new direction today -- why not? You like beginnings better than endings and your energy is just about right for beginning a partnership or a brand new art project.
Devote your time to getting closer to the people you care about. Hang out and chill.
Open up to someone close and keep talking until you get to the very bottom of your soul -- or close enough, anyway! Your ability to communicate emotions is peaking right now, so make the most of it.
You and your people need to band together to take care of something big. It might also be something fun, but even if it's an intervention, you are all at your best when you work as a big team.
Don't be shy about what you feel, but don't try to get everyone to agree with you.
You're in the best mood for personal projects -- especially those related to education or spiritual growth. If you feel neglectful, reassure yourself that you'll get back to your people soon.
It's time for a big talk with someone close -- maybe a child, maybe your mate but someone with whom you share a bond. Values are on the table, as are future plans and other big issues.
You get a chance to initiate a conversation with a cutie you want to know better.
It's the best possible time for you to take on a big new project -- at work, at home or for fun. You may not feel quite in the groove yet, but the adjustment period shouldn't take long.
Getting back in touch with an old friend or ex will give your self-esteem a boost.
The facts of the case are elusive -- but that just means you need to act right away! It's a good time for you to step up and see if you can get your people to let you take dramatic action.
You can change the minds of some important people today -- just use your charm.
Why are you doing whatever you're doing today? That might seem like a simple question, but you've actually got more to think about than usual when you're doing so -- things are different now.
Now is a great time to make your living space sparkle -- or otherwise make it more livable. Your great energy is somewhat more domestically oriented than usual, so find a project and finish it up!
You've been on quite a roll lately -- there's nothing wrong with slowing down today.
Your communication style today should be more subtle than straight on. Listen more.
When energy hits you today, you won't be able to help but use it to help others.
The time is right to get active -- if you are having any doubts, just ignore them.
Your ego has left the building and you couldn't feel happier about that. It's a great day to work with teams, because you're much more willing to let the group make decisions that influence you.
Everyone else around you is dealing with their own business today, so why don't you do the same? You may need to take care of someone's minor problem, but a little selfishness won't hurt anyone.
You love it when you can just kick back and let your schedule run itself. Today, you may have to tweak things a bit, but you can expect quite a bit of regularity. The status quo should prevail!
Any tension you are feeling is something you are putting on yourself. Try to relax.
Write out your feelings today -- the physical act will help you understand them.
Your aggressive nature is getting just a little darker today, so try to ease up, especially when dealing with people you love. If you can avoid starting any fights, the day is a big success!
Look around and see if you can track down some old pictures or documents related to your family -- that kind of stuff is much more important to you than usual. Digging it up is fun, too!
See if you can get yourself to sit still long enough to really plow through that one thorny problem that has been deviling you lately. You've got more energy than you realize and should find some satisfying solution.
A message comes from out of town -- or from someone you haven't met yet -- that is equal parts intriguing and exciting. Your great energy helps you really connect with this person.
Don't waste energy being more flexible than you want to be. Do your own thing.
Your persuasive nature is not quite strong enough to change someone's mind today.
Today, you have to spill all your real feelings for someone before it's too late.
In a big meeting or event today, make sure that you appeal to people's intellect.
You deserve to stop and look with pride at where you are in life. Applaud yourself.
A friend is sad this morning. Keep them communicating and you'll cheer them up.
You can't help but get your finances in order today -- you've been stressing out for too long about some little problem. You may just need to write up or redo your budget and see where it leads you.
You're pondering cash problems today, but they shouldn't be anything too dire. You ought to see if you can get someone else to help you think up alternatives to your current situation.
It's far too easy to get caught up in chatter about the latest celebrity news or office gossip, but if you keep things sharp, direct and to the point, you can at least get a little of your work done.
You are gaining momentum in one of your newest relationships -- it's heating up!
Your home may be giving you some trouble today -- anything from a malfunctioning toilet to a noisy neighbor. You need to deal with it right away or it is sure to get much worse soon.
Listen to people with great attention, and you'll hear things of greater value.
Someone is being extra-slippery today -- and that might drive you a little crazy! It's just one of those days when you need to let go of control and wait for the situation to get a little simpler.
Take things at a leisurely pace today, because time is going to be on your side!
Someone close needs assistance -- can you lend a hand? You've got the right kind of energy to help out, but it may be a question of time or distance. See what you can do, but don't stress out.
It's a good time to initiate new things and explore new ideas. Your mind is hungry.
You need to open up a bit more toward one special person in your life -- you may be missing out on some subtle signal they are trying to send you! Your own projects can wait a bit longer.
Your combination of flexibility and maturity makes you just about unbeatable today!
You need to get busy today -- your energy just can't let you stay in one place for long! It's a sure bet that you've got more going on than anyone else in your life, but you can handle it all with flair!
You need to spend extra time dealing with issues that seem superficial today -- but you know they are really much more important! You may be rearranging the furniture as a means of mental health.
You and your friends are dealing with some interesting stuff today and you might find that you've discovered your new favorite thing ever! New cuisine or cultures are especially enticing.
The idea of partnership is very appealing to you right now -- work with someone!
It's quite difficult for you to make up your mind about anything today -- but that just means that you're justified in putting off bid decisions for a while longer. You need more time to think!
One of your deeper assumptions is challenged today -- maybe by someone who doesn't really know what they're talking about. You still have to defend it, though or possibly shift your thinking.
Keep an eagle eye out for new people today. The have the answer you're looking for.
Your love life is peaking now -- even if it doesn't feel like it! Maybe you're just about to meet the right person. Or maybe your partner is about to turn a corner toward something that should be great for both of you.
You've been working hard, so today you deserve a break. Pat yourself on the back.
Your high energy levels are exhilarating -- but make sure that you don't exhaust any off your friend or family! You are pretty sensitive to others' needs, but on a day like today, you might forget to check.
You will be able to get a lot done in a little bit of time today. Expect praise.
You are in the mood for a little change -- nothing drastic, but just enough to show yourself that things don't always have to stay the same. It's a good time to explore new possibilities.
Have you been putting off a purchase -- especially one related to tech gear -- for a while? Now is the time to put the money on the table, as waiting longer just diminishes the value you get.
It's a good day to check in with more distant associates -- friends of friends, colleagues you rarely see and the like. You've got a thicker network than you realize and you need to make the most of it!
Have fun with your friends and coworkers -- pretty much everyone you have to deal with should be in a good mood as long as you're around. You don't have to start a conga line, but you never know what could happen.
Today, you need to consider getting back into an active role in your social life.
Reach out to the people in your life -- let them know how important they are to you.
You are full of good social energy right now and should be able to get your friends to open up even further is you make a point of asking nicely. Once they get going, things should be really clear!
Optimism can be a powerful force in your life -- and it's time to think positively.
You need to jump on a new opportunity and take action quickly. It's one of those days when you're pretty sure you know what's going on, but you do need some confirmation from your friends.
You are thinking really big right now and should be able to get yourself to take the next big step -- even if it's difficult or intimidating. The good news is that you can use your friends to help.
You're riding a wave of creative energy -- there is no excuse for you to be bored!
You're still the center of the good social energy now and those close to you are sure to find that you've got what they need. Even distant coworkers can benefit from your spooky powers.
It's a great day for shopping -- especially for big-ticket items you can't live without. If you share expenses with someone close, you should be more or less of one mind about purchases.
Your hard work always pays off -- although it might take longer than you want it to.
Partnership -- romantic, business or any other kind -- can be difficult, but it is almost always worthwhile. Today, it requires more work than usual from you, but you can pull it off.
Someone is trying to get closer to you, but you're not ready for intimacy just now. It's one of those days when you need to do things your way, so try to reassure them if you think they need reassurance.
Expect lots of questions today -- but no interrogation! Most people are just genuinely interested in you and your projects and want to know more about what you've got going on lately.
Trivial matters aren't so trivial today -- look into everything a bit more deeply.
You've got some deeply personal business to deal with today and it might take you a surprising length of time to get through. The good news is that you will feel reborn when it's all done!
You need to deal with folks with differing ideas -- but it doesn't mean that arguments are a sure thing! You might just need to offer a compromise or find a way for everyone to live together peacefully.
Let things happen today -- you need to make sure that you're not pushing too hard. It's a good day for you to try to practice letting go of things and people who need to be able to determine their own destinies.
It looks like things are going to start picking up for you, romantically-speaking.
Debt is an issue on lots of people's minds right now and you've got the tools to deal with it forthrightly. It's a great time for you to consider new options for payment -- or to celebrate, if you're debt-free!
Your aesthetic senses are heightened now, and you can beautify just about anything.
You've been out of the social loop, but it's time to insert yourself back into it!
You acquire a bit more authority in some part of your life and while it's a bit intimidating, you can see that it is going to work out quite well for you. Embrace it and move on.
Kill them with kindness today -- use warmth and good cheer to overwhelm any foes.
You feel too good to worry much about anything that might be coming up in the future. The present is much more engaging and that's the way it should be. Speak to as many people as you can.
Take all the time you think you need to make your decision today -- it's a big one! You may be thinking about a move or a step on the career path that feels awkward, but it should be clear once you see more.
If any financial matters look too good to be true today, you had better look again!
You're not feeling all that great about work or school today and that could mean that you're in serious need of a mental reboot! You've got some sweet energy coming that can help you out.
You underestimate your appeal to others sometimes -- you are magnetic to others.
Show off a little today -- at least one person needs to see a show of strength from you before they can believe in you. Fortunately, you are in exactly the right position to show off!
You may be feeling passive now, but don't let yourself be treated like a doormat.
Expect a big, dramatic statement or gesture by the end of the day -- but one that ends up being immensely positive for you. It may be awkward or painful at first, but that doesn't last.
Relationships go through transitions, and it's not healthy to resist. Be flexible.
You may accidentally drop more than a few bucks on a purchase that you don't really need to make. Buyer's regret shouldn't be an issue, though -- sometimes your impulses are right on!
Show your boss or partner what you're made of today -- you've got more spine than anyone gives you credit for! Now is the best time for you to stand up for something you truly believe in.
Your budget and finances are important to you right now -- and you might be able to make a big difference if you apply yourself soon. It's a good time to sit down with family and tighten things up.
Unexpected feelings about ambition or advancement will pop into your head today.
Honesty is a powerful force, and not everyone can handle yours now. Be careful.
You are feeling a bit more withdrawn -- which might mean that you're not saying hello to people on the street, rather than holing up at home or in your office. You can't help who you are!
There's no reason for you to keep hiding your light under a bushel -- brag a little.
Your moods are a little stormier than usual today and you might have to explain yourself to someone with little patience. It's far better to hang out with people who are already simpatico.
Do not listen to others who are focused on things that just don't matter to you now.
You pride yourself on your rationality, but every now and then, your emotions drive your behavior. Today brings a jolt when you realize you've been acting at least partly out of envy or jealousy.
Accept things the way they are -- instead of wasting time complaining about them.
You can handle even more detail work than usual today, so make sure that you're absorbing every spreadsheet and piece of data you can find. You're sure to see some cool, hidden patterns!
Your ability to see through people is strong now and while you may not want to call every last person in the world on their lies or self-deception, it does help you navigate the complex social territory.
Try to see today's turnaround as a new beginning -- your attitude is all that could possibly hold you back! Once you see that your possibilities are nearly endless, you should be just fine.
You can make all the changes you want to make in your life, you just have to start.
Take care of that problem at home -- whether it's a leaky faucet or an impossible child. Your energy is best spent in domestic issues and if all seems to be doing fine, you're off the hook.
If you're feeling indecisive about an invitation, turn to friends for some advice.
It's quite hard to make decisions today, so see if you can defer anything big for a while or get your friends or family to help you make up your mind. If it takes a long time, that's actually a good sign!
You'll have all the strength and momentum you need to get through the day quickly.
You are inspired today -- more so than usual, even -- and should be able to figure out what needs to happen pretty easily. Get on it as soon as you can figure out who can help you out.
Today will be full of signs and affirmations that you are on the right path in life.
Work issues are difficult right now, so you're best off dealing with issues on the home front. If you must confront coworkers or clients, keep in mind that you are more powerful than you feel.
New sights will give you a rush today -- and you won't have to go far to find them.
Your leadership is vital to getting things done today -- it's all wrapped up in something new and your great energy is perfect for figuring out how to handle the situation and making the most of it.
Go back to the beginning if you want inspiration to keep going. Reflect deeply.
You may feel like shopping -- or you may get a sweet, unexpected gift from someone close. In either case, your relationship with material possessions takes a step toward something better.
It's never easy to let yourself be emotionally exposed, but you should try today.
You've gotten pretty far -- and now you need to pout on a little show for someone important. It might not feel totally authentic, but you just have to speak honestly and hope for the best.
Customers and friends are coming at you from all directions today -- and you need to give each of them at least a fraction of your time. That might get difficult after a while, but you find a way to manage.
Family obligations could cause conflicts in your social life, so let friends know.
You really want to get moving today, but it's hard -- and gets harder as the day goes on! Try hard to make it work, but don't be too surprised if you have to write the day off. Have fun, if you can!
If you think you're losing your grip on something, stop thinking -- and persevere.
You're in serious need of some discipline -- but you've got plenty of that! It's a good day for you to hunker down and take care of life's little necessary tasks that nobody else will do for you.
An infusion of mental energy comes your way late morning or early afternoon and you should find even the toughest problems easy to see through. It's a good day to figure out how to take the next step.
Try to reach out to someone who needs your help -- or at least a sympathetic ear. Your ability to bridge gaps is legendary and today, your good energy helps you communicate with everyone.
Change is coming to your surroundings, which will cause a change in your attitude.
Rely on your friends -- or your extended network -- for support today. Your social energy is strong, but it's the bonds between you all that give you your real power at a time like this.
You are all fired up for something new today -- and all that good energy has to be put to use! You might find new ways to get your job done or -- better -- find a new place to have fun.
Try to be as generous as you can be today. Your generosity can open up big doors.
You are in a surprisingly good mood -- no matter what is going on around you, it's easy to rise above it all and just grin throughout the day. If there's a reason, that is all you can think about.
You're better off reacting than taking direct action today -- but that mean you've got to keep your eyes wide open all day long. It may be tiring, but it is totally worth it in the long run.
A friend who has been missing in action for a while pops back onto the scene today.
You're brutally honest today, which is good for almost everyone around you. Every now and then you need to air grievances and ensure that everyone is on more or less the same page.
Every day you achieve one or two victories, so why not celebrate? Plan a fun party.
You enjoy travel even more than most and today brings an opportunity -- or maybe just a hot idea -- that could lead you somewhere new and exciting. Follow up on it as soon as you can.
Your support means a lot to your friends, so let one know you are there for them.
Someone brings an olive branch -- it's a great time to make peace and move on with your lives together. That doesn't mean you're off the hook if you owe someone an apology, however!
Today you are in an acquisitive mood, and will have an insatiable need for more!
Your easygoing manner and obvious concern helps endear you to new people today -- especially those who have traveled far. You might find yourself bridging a language barrier with relative ease.
You simply can't afford to be selfish with your time today. You must get social.
You have to deal with someone in your life who is behaving selfishly -- at a time when your own needs are paramount! It's a tough job to get them to see things your way, but you've got to do it.
At some point in the day, you find yourself doing or saying things you would never do or say -- thanks to the heat of the moment. It might all end up for the best, as sometimes you need to break down barriers.
Your sense of fun is enhanced ten times or more today --- so get out there and mix it up a little! You might find that friends and family are looking to you for permission or slack off.
Many expectations are put on you now, but you should treat this day like any other.
You need to maintain a balance between work, family, friends and personal projects. You may feel a bit out of sorts if you focus too much energy on any one thing, so keep flitting back and forth.
You love the communion of people who share your values, so stick to folks you know.
Your good ideas can only take you so far -- you've got to make sure that they come to life! It's a good time for you to get your people to take part in a grand exercise so they can all work it out together.
It will be tough to control your energy today -- but you'll get your mojo back soon.
It's probably best for you to stick with small-scale projects that don't require your complete attention -- your energy flow is a bit disrupted today and you might have a hard time finishing the long haul.
Draw upon your self discipline today when you are faced with a temptation. Resist!
A big idea floating around in your mind is starting to push you in a new direction -- one you may not yet be entirely comfortable with. Go with it for a bit to see how well it fits you.
Responsibilities can be extra demanding today -- but you still stick to them! You earn bonus points, even if there aren't any obvious signs of that just yet. Someone is watching and likes what they see.
Things are building slowly in a new relationship, but they're building. Be patient.
You run up against an obstacle that seems insurmountable -- but you ought to be able to find a way if you keep at it. The temptation to give up is strong, though, so make sure to resist it!
Take your time to explore what other people are looking for in life. Ask questions.
A small event this morning blossoms into a full-scale epic adventure and you have the time of your life. If things aren't happening by mid-afternoon, you may need to jump-start them.
Your dull routine won't seem so dull today -- the universe has surprises for you.
Something small happens that practically guarantees a bit of extra happiness early in the day -- maybe a note from a friend, maybe a promise of a date later on. You've got the good energy to make the most of it!
You see problems in a friend's plans -- you owe it to them to voice your concerns.
You might get angry at someone early in the day, but try to chill out and let them do things their way -- at least at first. They learn a lot more from their own mistake than from your lecture.
Buy a bigger address book -- you are going to gaining a lot of new friends today.
Today's events are moving under their own power and you need to make sure that you're keeping up with them -- otherwise, you might end up losing your grip! The good news is that you've got a milestone coming.
You're not racing, but it feels as if you're winning anyway -- maybe you're competing work at a prodigious rate or maybe you're finding your love life taking on a weird kind of life of its own.
Seek out crowded places full of activity today -- you'll get a rush from the crowds.
You've got to tough it out and do what's right today -- even if nobody else can see the value of it. Your own integrity is more important to you than anyone else's opinion, though!
It's harder than usual for you to take diplomacy and politeness all that seriously -- you've got things to do! If you step on a few toes, that's okay. You can always make it up later if it turns out to be important.
Spend some extra time and energy at home today -- you need to shore things up so you don't have to deal with problems later on. Little things left unattended today are almost sure to grow into huge issues.
Your brainy side is showing off a bit today and you love what you see, think and do! Others are impressed, too and you might be able to sell an old idea that you've been wanting to work on.
You can feel a burst of energy that's on its way, but it hasn't arrived quite yet. You might feel the need to isolate yourself for a little while as you prepare for the great things soon to come.
You've got raw power running through you now and should be able to get people to see that more is possible than they understand quite yet. It's not magic, but it's close -- so make a big deal out of it!
A bill might catch up with you today if you're not totally on top of it -- so go through all that paperwork one more time to make sure you're not running late on anything. Fun time comes later!
When it comes to starting a new romance, you should err on the side of modesty.
You know how to take care of yourself, but deter your more selfish urges right now.
You have charm and smarts that add up to one unbelievable person. Celebrate you.
Dreams are just odd sometimes. And it's a waste of time to try to figure them out.
You can change important minds today without preaching or being too dogmatic.
See if you can tap into your deepest desires today -- they are closer to the surface, so it shouldn't be that hard! It's a good day for action, too, so you can make some serious progress soon!
Even your dearest family members can drive you insane today -- you just can't take the same old stuff that seems so endearing on other days. Try to let it slide or head out to clear your mind.
You need to deal with your working relationships today, even if you're far from the office. It's a good time to finish up some correspondence or even to network with potential recruiters.
Your attraction to your partner, crush or date is stronger than you'd expected today -- and that should go both ways! It's a great time to recommit romantically or to take things to a new level.
You're feeling the urge to volunteer or improve the community in some way and it's easy to see how to do just that. Your energy isn't perfectly balanced, but it's still enough to do the job.
Stay busy today -- you've got lots of ideas and should be able to at least get started on plenty of them before you start to get tired. Relax a bit and let others help out when they wander by.
You're not in a sharing mood right now and that might cause problems depending on your situation. At home, you almost certainly need to compromise, but elsewhere, you might just stand your ground.
Let yourself feel the full force of your spiritual energy today, even if you're supposed to be working or paying bills. Sometimes more important things have to elbow the mundane out of the way.
Spread yourself out today -- other people need to hear from you! Your easygoing vibe is perfect for folks who are caught up in work or family drama, so ask questions and get them talking.
When you are in a social situation today, try to keep your curiosity under control.
You are especially well-tuned toward people from different cultures right now.
Letting yourself get emotional over bad stuff is healthy. Don't rush through it.
Your intuitive side never announces itself -- it just shows up and lets you know that things aren't quite what they seem! Today, a flash of inspiration leads to something really cool.
You are wondering how your friends can just sit there and take today's big news -- you may get quite righteous, even! That doesn't mean they're going to change their minds, but you may have some influence.
You can't be all serious all the time -- you need to start having more fun today!
You pride yourself on your own ideas and values, but that doesn't mean that you can't also get some wisdom from groups and ancient ideas. Now is a good time to explore your spiritual side.
Mind your p's and q's when around your coworkers. There are spies among them.
If you're lucky, you're caught between two equally appealing options and have a hard time making up your mind. If not, you're stuck having to choose between the lesser of two evils.
Whenever you're in doubt about how to act today, just talk! Words are the answer.
You are on the verge of something much larger than your usual routine -- you can sense the tension. It's a good time to relax and let things happen -- once you move through this phase, you can get back on track.
Educating yourself should always be a part of your life's journey. Open your mind.
Trust in the universe should pay off pretty well today -- as long as you aren't asking for too much! A little boost of luck is sure to come your way, so go ahead with those seemingly crazy plans.
The best thing you can do for yourself today is to be physically active. Get moving.
Your family is closer than ever and today is perfect for taking big steps together as s unit. You may have to patch up some old issues, but that's a snap with your great interpersonal energy.
Be careful not to throw out the good with the bad today. Sort through everything.
You need to focus a bit more on your ongoing projects -- including stuff like child rearing and adult education. It's not the best time to take on anything new, though you can hack it if need be.
Art offers great enrichment to your life, so get more of it into your life today.
Money is never far from your mind today -- how to get more of it, what to do with what you've got or when to make your move. You'd rather be dealing with more interesting issues, but they have to wait.
A powerful person wants to spend time with you, but don't be nervous. Be yourself.
Your people are all working together pretty well today, so you can rely on your plans coming together quite well. It's one of those days when you can almost run the show on autopilot!
A healthy ego isn't built on flattery alone -- it takes lots of hard work and risk.
You know the value of hard work and today shows the rest of the world. If you've been at it lately, you should be rewarded commensurately and in a fairly public fashion. Enjoy it all!
Juggling is your specialty, so don't flinch if more items get added to your list.
You work hard, but don't always get the appreciation you deserve. Today rectifies that pretty well and you should start to see more and more well-justified praise coming your way.
Mixed signals from someone are leaving you confused -- get some distance, now.
You might find yourself neglecting your family or friends today -- but you know it's temporary. The thing is, they might not get that, so try to find time to reassure them it'll all be over soon.
Any health concerns you've had should start to fade today. You've done good work.
Try your best to keep your mood up -- no matter what happens. Your sense of self-respect is high, but it might be too high to permit you to engage in all the activities offered today.
Today an intellectual connection could spark some romantic feelings -- be careful.
Getting rid of all of your bad habits is an unrealistic goal. Start with just one.Don't let someone else's drama slow you down. You must put your own needs first.
Your family is more important than ever right now, so see if you can get in touch with them soon. You may need to gather them together or just get their support for some big decision on the horizon.
You need to experience something new today and your energy is just right for exploring.  If you can go somewhere you've never even heard of, that's best, but any new locale will do.
Sometimes you're like a scientist, making brilliant discoveries nobody else could have foreseen. Today, you can easily explain to your friends what you've learned, though it may be complex.
Your instincts for cleanliness are making life sweeter than ever for you, your family and pretty much anyone who comes in contact with you. You're at your peak and ready to take on the world!
Your ambitious nature is making life sweeter for you in some ways and tougher in others. You may find that people are harder to deal with -- except for one colleague or family member who really gets it.
Your love life is on fire -- in a good way, of course! If you're single and don't see any prospects, you just need to turn around to see the right person and while it might be a challenge, it's worth it!
There's only so much that you can do to figure out your latest problem -- but you do have a few key insights that just need to be wrapped up together somehow. Spend some time pondering.
Explore some volunteering opportunities and see how you can impact your community.
You've put a big achievement under your belt, and you deserve to brag about it!
Once you achieve goals, you need to take some time to appreciate your achievement.
Today you're going to have to learn how to accept some things you don't really like.
Sometimes, being suspicious is smart -- but today it is not necessary. Just relax.
Make time today to get reconnected with someone who's been living far, far away.
Today you will find a warmer reception for your thoughts than you thought you would.
Your communication may be misinterpreted by sensitive folks -- watch what you say.
You'll be walking right in step with your friends today -- and everyone is smiling.There will be a strong connection between you and a surprising someone today.
It's apparent that your charm is strong enough to overcome anyone's selfishness.
What you see is what you get today, so don't look too hard for hidden variables or other weird issues. You might have to convince a few friends to just accept the situation at face value.
No matter where you are along the spectrum of romance, you want to take it along a bit further today -- and it's easy to do so! Ask out someone new or take your sweetie on a surprise getaway.
someone in your life is afraid of change -- or even exploration. You need to show them how wrong they are, so lead by example! Your amazing energy should shake them right out of their rut.
People are all over the map today and there's no guarantee that any of them is likely to agree with you -- even if they always do! It's a good time to make sure where people stand so you know when it counts.
Today you discover you share an interest with a new person in your social circle.
Some tiny addition to your routine becomes the straw that breaks the camel's back and you suddenly feel overwhelmed. It's not a good time for you to take on more stuff, of course, so be ready to say no a lot.
Rely on your friends and coworkers for support today -- you can't tackle every problem at once! Your ability to delegate or ask for help is what determines whether your day is a success or not so much.
You're not exactly fixed in all of your opinions, but you are still surprised when someone manages to turn you all the way around on something you had though you were certain of. Enjoy the feeling!
Your left-brain is working harder than the right today and you should be able to break down almost any problem into tiny pieces and then figure out any number of creative solutions later.
Someone close to you has been having some money issues -- be sensitive to them.
You positively exude calmness and reliability today -- everyone is counting on you.
Your health is on your mind and today is a good time to start a new fitness routine.
Don't opt for convenience. It's easy, but it's not the best way. Challenge yourself.
A troubled friend needs some cheering up today, so make yourself available to them.
Slow down! You need to try something a bit different if you want to make any progress and rushing through your various projects is sure to set you back quite a bit. Just plug along, one thing at a time.
It's a great time to reach out across the Internet or phone networks to track down someone from your past -- or someone who will be part of your future. You can connect with almost anyone!
Everyone seems to be struggling against each other today, though it's not so bad that you can't see a way out. Things are going to get a little weirder, but if you can keep it all civil, you should be fine.
You're feeling unusually jealous or covetous today -- but those impulses won't last too long! Try not to get into too much trouble as a result, but don't deny your true feelings if you can help it.
It's a good time to take stock and really ponder your good fortune -- whatever makes you happy is accentuated today. See if you can share the great feelings with those closest to you.
A conflict with your mate or someone else close to you could turn into a storm of accusations and acrimony if you aren't very careful. It may be best to avoid intense discussions entirely.
You need to be as explicit as possible when speaking with friends, family, coworkers and customers today -- your face is incredibly easy to misread! As long as you say what you mean, you're fine.
You need to expand your network -- even if it's all temporary. You should talk to strangers on the street, crash a party or two or find some other way to interact with folks you'd never meet otherwise.
An opportunity presents itself that seems too great to pass up -- but you should still walk away from it. There are hidden risks that are almost sure to trip you up and for now you need to stay on track.
The time for action isn't quite upon you yet -- which is a good thing, as you are still gathering data! Your powers of observation are strong and you might need to ask a few questions, too.
Your romantic side explodes with delight -- whether you're single or long-coupled! It's just one of those days when you can't help flirting and playing silly games with the object of your affections.
Soak up as much information as you possibly can today -- you've got to make sense of it all before you can make much progress. It's a good time to quietly troll the net for more data.
Pay attention to an unusual minor detail in what someone tells you this morning.
You are getting back into the mood for socializing and meeting lots of new people.
Share a new experience with someone who you want to get to know better today.
If you've got any musts on your to-do list today, find a way to force yourself to do them soon -- otherwise, you might dither the day away. It's a good time to ensure you're on the right track.
Don't start flirting with someone if they are unavailable. Keep yourself safe.
Try to deal with your internal feelings internally today -- it's harder than usual to get the kind of support you may be looking for. That's not a permanent condition, so don't freak out just yet!
If you can be more flexible, then other people will be more flexible. Give a little.
It's a good day for delicate situations -- first dates, job interviews and anything else requiring self-control. You're able to keep a lid on anything that might seem difficult to explain.
You breeze through something that you though would be really hard -- and you've got extra time for something fun or above and beyond. Expect to impress all who are watching you work!
You're considering your reputation among customers, coworkers and all others you have to deal with every day. It's not like you're in danger, but you suddenly have a new appreciation for these relationships.
You have made a good impression on important people -- pat yourself on the back.  Having fun can lead to having a romance, so don't stop the good times right now.
You have to work a little for it, but you can make a great impression if you push it today. Just make sure that you're not trying too hard -- it's a delicate balance, but you can pull it off.
The surface of your social situation seems pretty placid, but there are come fierce undercurrents that might surprise you if you're unwary. Just keep smiling and see if you can fix things up.
Today, watch out for hasty decision making -- and don't do it if you don't have to.  Meanwhile, without a well-formed plan, you are bound to flail all day long -- get organized.
You're a little bit hung up on an old, old issue in your life -- one that might be with you forever. It's a good time for you to integrate it into your consciousness, rather than compartmentalizing it.
Your love life could see a boost -- and your work environment almost certainly plays a part! Whether you're meeting someone new at the cash register or just meeting your sweetie for lunch, it's great.
You're making great impressions everywhere you go today, so see if you can work the buzz to your advantage. It's the best time to make career moves or to try to get recommendations.
You need to work harder to make your point today -- things aren't as clear as usual, but if you make the effort, you should be able to reach out and explain your motivations to almost anyone.
Stay close to home now, where there is harmony and plenty of free entertainment.
Take that charmer's story with a grain of salt. All that glitters is not gold.
Self doubt is natural from time to time, but never forget that you're very special.
Today is a good time for socializing. Send out an email and cook something up.
A flamboyant friend is suddenly acting much more conservatively. Find out what's up.
Banish those clouds of doubt and just keep thinking positively about things today.
Your spiritual life needs to take a break for the time being -- you've got way more going on in the real world than you can handle all at once! Prioritize and take care of the most important tasks right away.
If you are contemplating any major travel this year, put things into motion today.  The only thing certain is change, and you can't keep everything the same forever.
Are you hankering for travel -- or are you on the road right now? It's a great time to make travel plans or to carry them out and if you can lead the way for friends or family, so much the better!
Your financial savvy is in high gear today, though you're almost certainly skeptical of high-stakes investments. There's nothing wrong with that -- stick with the tried and true and you can't go wrong.
Don't worry about whether or not you're seeing everything as it really is -- the world is full of veils and illusions today. If you can enjoy the show, that's probably as good as it's going to get.
Bury the hatchet! No matter how intense your fighting has been, now is the time to put it all behind you and try to move on. Old flames, workplace rivals and ex-friends should all sweeten up.
Someone you usually get along with quite well is driving you insane today -- so try to avoid them for the time being. You may just need to plug into your iPod or find another way to zone out.
You are almost certainly having a tough time communicating with a loved one, but you can probably get them to see things your way if you loosen up and share your feeling more poetically.
You're feeling just a little bit more focused on yourself than usual, which is fine by you. It's one of those days when your own energy is just better spent on your own issues, but you can get back to helping later.
You may feel rushed, but you don't want to actually hurry, if possible -- try to resist the flow all around you. It may take quite a bit of willpower, but that is something you've got vast reserves of.
You need to deal with people who aren't making much sense on the surface -- but you can figure them out without straining your brain too mightily. Your analytical side is strong now!
Your home life is a little off-balance right now, but you can set things right with a bit of effort. It's easier if everyone is helping out, of course, but you can't really count on that just now.
Cook up a theory about what's been going on, and chances are you will be right on.
Friendships require effort to stay healthy, so make plans with your favorite people.
Your home life is everything right now, though of course you may have to pay token attention to other parts of life. Friends and family are probably ringing you up with all sorts of needs.
A thought that was radical yesterday will suddenly seem like a brilliant idea today.  Step up to a bigger role in a large group of people. You have the talents required.
You and your family are going through some rather strange business today, but you can weather it -- just like you always do! If you don't understand what's happening, just wait and see.
No matter how strange things seem to be today, you can make it through -- as long as you join with others who are in the same boat (more or less). Teamwork and mutual support are everything!
You blaze a trail to a new place or through some new mental territory today -- your mental energy is perfect for taking on new challenges. Other folks look to you for guidance, so make the most of it!
Is there someone in your life who needs to be set free? Now is the time to do it, hard as it may seem. It's a really good time for you to try new ways of interacting with those who are close to you.
You love to play with creative activities and today, you're in just the right mood to come up with something spectacular. It's one of those days when you really ought to invite others to play, too!
Though at least one person in your life is still acting strangely, you need to lead by example. Weirdness is out of place today -- at least around you -- and you need to stick to the protocol.
Try a little experiment today to see if you can get away with something small (and probably funny, at least to you). It's a great time to amaze friends and family with new tricks.
Be very careful with your plans today -- and make sure you're ready to change them or even abandon them at a moment's notice! Anything can happen, but change is almost guaranteed.
You should be sure to try something new today, even if you enjoy your routines immensely. Your great mental energy is screaming for some novelty -- so try a new place for lunch or dinner!
Something big pops into your life, probably rather late in the day and fills you with excitement! It may be good news, a flirt or a hot idea that starts to consume your mind -- but it's the best!
You should make sure that you're taking your time with response today -- the quick ones are almost sure to be the wrong ones! When you have to speak quickly, do your best to keep your cool.
More than half of today's communication is going on under the surface, so don't try too hard to make sense of surface chitchat. You should get the message down deep, even if your conscious mind doesn't.
Your intuitive feelings are distracting you today. Try to focus on the work at hand.
Your idealistic tendencies have evolved into a full-fledged philosophy you can live.
Your relationship with an authority figure is good, but don't take it for granted.
A coworker has made a mess of things -- make sure you don't have to clean it up.
Let go of old grudges. Make room in your heart for more positive forces in life.
Too modest to flirt with that incredible new hottie? Go on -- take a chance today!
You're quite energetic and able to last through the day and long into the night, no matter what you're doing. See if you can take care of home-related chores before moving on to the rest.
Somehow, you need to let your unconscious mind do more of the work today -- maybe you should focus on something that totally occupies the front of your brain while the rest makes incredible progress!
You're not opening up completely today, but that is just fine -- you need your privacy! Take care of yourself and wait for a better time to tell your friends or family what's going on.
You don't take conflict lightly today and almost certainly get feisty when people try to take over what is rightfully yours. It's a good time for you to re-examine your working relationships.
You're feeling a little tired, but not so much that you can't deal with something big that's due to arise today. It takes some effort, but nothing extraordinary -- you should be done in time to collapse at home!
Someone speaks out today -- they really appreciate your attitude toward them or an issue near and dear to them and your ability to connect is strengthened as a result. Reach out!
It's a day of upheaval for you -- but it's not so bad! You might actually find that people are easier to handle than usual and that could mean that you're holding more cards than you thought.
Play by the rules, work hard and get ahead -- that's how it works for you and today is ten times more of the same! If you keep at it, you should expect to see good signs of progress very soon.
You need to rethink something big -- and you've got the brainpower to do it! See if you can get your people to help you break things down into smaller chunks so they're easier to deal with.
Keep an open mind -- and open eyes -- today. You've got to remain aware of your surroundings, no matter what's going on inside you. Once you get the big clue, you can retreat inward.
If travel to overseas destinations isn't in your budget, just keep planning for it.
Are you worried about a friend or family member? Try to have more faith in them.
A positive change in your attitude will help you put your best foot forward today.
One of your friends has got some sweet news for you -- it's time to celebrate.
It's hard to keep from bursting when you get the good news today -- but you might want to try staying cool as much as you can. Any signs of conceit are sure to be over-interpreted today.
Use that left hemisphere to solve the problems you're facing today -- it's got all (or most of) the answers! It may feel weird to use reason to solve romantic or crazy-relative problems, but it works.
You get an infusion of mental energy that feels just right for making plans -- so sit down and plot out the next few weeks, months or years. You may want to leave some room for unexpected developments.
The day's events will test your patience -- but you will pass with flying colors.  Trivial small talk evolves into philosophical conversation today, if you let it.
You should be sure to let others act on their own today -- any attempts to control them (except for small children, of course) are sure to backfire. You've got plenty of your own business to mind!
You are ready for something a bit more serious or deep than you've been used to lately and it's easier than ever for you to get there. Maybe you need to ask your sweetie to sit down for a long talk.
Try to say 'yes' as much as possible today -- your best bet is to be as helpful and obliging as possible. People see this and resolve to treat you better in return, so it ends up being win-win!
It's a great day to tackle big, long-range challenges. Your ability to coordinate people and information and pull them all together into a master plan is as strong as it has ever been!
Your ideals may be tested today -- but you are sure to come out ahead. You believe in something pretty strongly and even the fiercest devil's advocate can't shake you from it just yet.
You've got stuff you want to do today that needs to get done soon, but you may also hit on an opportunity that you know isn't going to come back any time soon. Be as flexible as you can!
Now is the time to get recommendations or to ask for favors -- people hold you in the highest respect! It's easier than ever for you to get yourself in with the right crowd or to ask someone out.
Your biggest dreams are coming to life today -- or at least they're coming closer! You may need to try something a bit extreme if you want to pull in the extras that could come your way.
Making a compromise is the best way to get out of a stressful power struggle today.
An authority figure is nagging you, but just ignore them and focus on your work.
Humble and beautiful things are starting to hold a magnetic appeal for you, now.
It's a little harder to convince people your way is best today -- in part because it's much tougher to play on their emotions. Go for the intellectual arguments and you should do just fine.
You need to make a radical change in some aspect of your life -- probably related to your home. It could be time to buy or sell or just to move on to some more promising location.
You're feeling especially wise today and should be able to see solutions to several problems that have been bothering you or those close to you lately. Putting them into words may be tricky, though.
You are a natural leader and your talents are in demand today. Get out there and show people what needs to be done and how to do it -- you may find that you grow into the role over time.
Big problems need big solutions -- but none of the obvious ones seem to be working today! You need to stretch your mind as far as it will go in order to really make sense of today's issues.
Explore more of your world today -- there's no need for you to stick to your settled boundaries. In fact, if you get a little transgressive, you might just find something new and wonderful out there!
Take a break from people who have been rubbing you the wrong way. Who needs them?  It's time to reorganize the elements of yourself. Become a more consistent person.
It's time to really mix it up over the latest power games going on in the office or at home. You may not be in your element, but if you sit by passively, you're sure to regret your inaction.
Someone is asking for criticism, explicitly or implicitly and you've got plenty to offer. Before you open your mouth or fire off that email, though, make sure you are being as positive as you can be.
Travel is on your mind and you may want to get as far away as possible -- culturally speaking, at least. It's a great time to learn more about your potential destinations before making plans.
Exploit your creative side today -- it's dying to be used! Whether you're communicating your feeling through a sonnet or working up million-dollar ideas for the next big wave of industry, you feel great.
Work toward your biggest goal today -- you can make amazing progress and are almost guaranteed to have a breakthrough if your ambitions are in line with your efforts. Share the wealth!
You're feeling great today and your good energy is almost certainly infectious. If anyone close is down, just hang out near them for a while and they should start to lighten up through osmosis.
See if you can get other folks to understand your vision -- it's not that hard to explain, really and you're sure to be better off with others making your case for you when the time is right.
You may be upset on the inside, but you still need to at least try to be flexible today. Events are likely to spin out of control if you insist on keeping to the schedule or doing things one way.
You need to deal with parents or other older relatives -- and even if it's through legal paperwork, it's still a hassle. One way or another, you can cope, but it might take some effort.
Don't be unrealistic about expectations you have for someone. They're only human.  Do whatever it takes to get some laughs today -- stop taking life so seriously.
Your mind is full of big ideas -- maybe a few too many? It's hard to do much about that, but if you can arrange your life so you don't have to get much done today, that is for the best.
You may want to ask for a raise or some other favor from the leader today, but it's not the best time. Wait at least a day to see how things are going and to make a plan that makes sense to you.
Work and financial issues are going well for you today, so it's a good time to expand or to find new ways to cement your hold on various aspects of business. Your mind is suited to serious issues.
Your feelings for a friend are conflicted now, so it's a good idea to get distance.
You're feeling pretty good about life -- in the sense that it's heading in the right direction! It may be that you're not feeling so great today, but you can see that things are getting better.
Your social scene might feel a bit stagnant, but someone new appears to change your mind in a big way. It might turn into a romance, but there's no guarantee and you don't mind either way.
A huge wave of creativity hits you today like a tsunami. Ride it to a huge success.  Your brilliance enables you to have great talks with people from all walks of life.
This isn't a good time for socializing with new people. Stick to the tried and true.
There is no reason to be in a hurry right now, no matter what someone else says.
Appreciate natural beauty today -- it'll connect you with the power of the universe.
It might not be easy for you to open up about your feelings, but it'll be healthy.  An old relationship issue will keep coming back unless you face it directly today.
You need to explore your romantic side somewhat more today -- even if you've been with the same person for many years! It may be that you discover some new and exciting facet to your love life.
You need to balance your current agenda against the projects and tasks you want to tackle in the near future -- and it's not that hard to accomplish. All it takes is a little forethought and you've got plenty of that!
You're feeling more in touch with the physical world today and might imbue your possessions with almost spiritual qualities. It's a perfect day for luxuriating and taking care of yourself.
You're something of an altruist even on your off days and right now you can feel the positive energy pushing you to do good deeds. Spread the love around even more than usual and enjoy the karma!
You find a link with someone totally new today and it might surprise you how much you've got in common. It goes beyond shared interests -- you can expect something really big to happen!
Your intellectual energy is extremely strong, and you're open to learning even more.
If you're feeling bored with life, schedule some free time and go on an adventure.
Your values are precious to you, but you have to respect the values of others, too.
Stroll through a museum or buy some art supplies today -- your creative impulses need to be exercised today! It's the best possible time for you to make something new or to explore new ideas.
You need to have some leadership in your life, even if you're the CEO of your own company. Find someone you can believe in and listen to what they've got to say -- it's vital that you shift direction a bit.
Cool off before you say anything that could cause any friction today. Be careful.
Problems you are having with a new member of your circle aren't as bad as you think.
What someone says doesn't reflect what they mean deep down inside. Call them on it.
Keep the motto 'nothing ventured, nothing gained' at the front of your mind today.
It's a good time to go out with friends. Make memories with your favorite people!
Don't let a friend slip away because of money. You can figure out a compromise.
You have been making a strong, positive impression on powerful people. Keep at it!
That good mood isn't going anywhere today, so embrace it and try to share it with as many other folks as you can. It's a great time to tackle big issues, as you can't be brought down.
It's not a bad time to commit yourself, as long as you are certain it's the right move for you. It may be a good time to bring other parties on board, if only to spread the risk around a little.
You're feeling a little wishy-washy about today's big news, but that's okay. It's about to swing one way or the other in a big way, but if you feel bad about it, a little attitude adjustment fixes it up.
It's easy to see that the new person in your life -- maybe a coworker, maybe a sweetheart -- is going to work out quite well. You're in sync and can tell that your compatibility is just about perfect.
Someone comes to you with a problem that seems impossibly big -- but if you hear them out, you can see how to break it all down into manageable pieces. It's a good day to really listen.
You love making trouble -- as long as there's a positive outcome, of course! Today brings the opportunity to push things at home and you seize it with relish. It's easy to get people moving!
Check in with a friend before they hit you up -- things should go better for both of you if you reach out. Sometimes you need to be proactive in order to make the most of your relationships.
You need to get out there and explore more of your world -- and you've got just the right kind of energy for it! See if you can cajole a friend or family member into joining you for the ride.
Show your friends -- or the world as a whole -- that you've got the biggest ideas! Your great mind is busting out with all sorts of wonderful plans and at least a few are good to go.
You're still quite focused on the details of your big issue -- and that is exactly where you should be focused! Your amazing mind can tackle any number of facts, figures and tiny elements.
Whatever you're trying to do today, you are almost certainly going to need some help to do it. Try to make sure that you recruit the right folks to assist you -- teamwork is essential!
Stick to safe topics of conversation like television and gossip about celebrities.
It's going to be a balanced day. Just let the day do its thing and you'll be happy.
Physical exercise is vital today -- your energy practically demands an outlet! If you must stay sedentary, try some yoga or stretching. Even creative visualization might be enough for you.
Even if you don't have a formal leadership role at work or with some other group, it's easy for you to get folks organized and working toward the same goals. Your quiet inspiration is perfect today!
Reveal an embarrassing story from your past to someone you want to know better.
You're letting something or someone go today -- probably without realizing it! The good news is that it's for the best, but it may drive you a little crazy for a while before you really realize that.
Just because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean that you two can't get along.
You're at your best when you're helping friends or total strangers today -- your energy is strong, but it's almost totally directed outward. You can rack up lots of bonus points if you apply yourself.
Past mistakes or missteps are water under the bridge -- focus on the future today.
You're feeling the pressure to do something about your primary relationship. It may be your mate, a child or your best friend, but now is the time for you to step up and take the lead.
It is the perfect time for you to embrace the art of planning! You'll be good at it.
Make sure that you play around with your more creative ideas today -- you should have extra time to do so and you're almost sure to hit on something that works out really well for you.
Get creative in how you handle mundane tasks today and you will get a lot done.
Life is a little unclear right now -- there's not much you can do about it! Just kick back and see if you can get your friends and family to deal with ambiguity. You can explain it all later.
Simple pleasures hold the greatest satisfaction for you now, so keep close to home.
Don't be too shocked or upset if you can't understand your friend or family today. They are having a hard time understanding you, too, so if anything, the feelings are mutual -- and temporary!
A revelation from a friend may not be true, but be compassionate. Let it slide.
In one way or another, you need to deal with masses of people today -- and that might drive you a little crazy! It's one thing to just walk down the street, but quite another to have to address each one individually.
Today is about taking the time you need to establish things -- make a commitment.
Focus on things like decoration, planning and brainstorming today -- your good energy is too potent to waste on trivialities or busy-work. You can get back to that stuff in a few days.
You're in a great organizational phase. You'll take multi-tasking to a new level.
You're obsessed over one big question -- and it's one you can answer more easily than you think! Your blast of inspiration comes at just the right time for you, so you can wait for it.
Money has no value unless you spend it, so treat yourself to a tiny treat today.
You accidentally do something incredibly nice -- for yourself! It doesn't cost anyone else a cent, so relax and enjoy your hilarious mistake. It's a good time to be you, that's for sure!
If your recent dreams have been unclear, don't worry. They don't mean anything.
You don't get your way in a discussion or argument today and that brings immense frustration. The good news is that your long-term flexibility should help you to adjust to the new system.
You're in an excellent position to adapt and get past any obstacles in your way.
You need to keep a low profile today -- even if you're not an actual fugitive! It's just one of those days when you're not quite clear-headed enough to deal with confrontation on any level.
Today is perfect for working together with almost anyone who has similar goals to you. If you're finding it hard to manage to think of anyone like that, it just means that you need to expand your boundaries.
Your people are moving slowly today, but there's nothing you can do about it. Just proceed at your own pace until you can't go on any further, then take a break while they catch up.
You can advance farther than anyone else today -- even if it's not a competition. You're much more clear-headed, while almost everyone else in your life seems to be lost in the clouds.
You're having a hard time with paperwork or with massive readings today -- it seems to be blurrier than it should. That could be a sign of mental exhaustion or it might just be temporary.
Enjoy watching the world go by -- and resist the urge to hop into the rat race.
It's vital that you stick with what you know today -- there's just too much going on in the world for you to experiment much. It's a good idea to review old material to make sure it's still relevant.
It's going to be an easy breezy day for you -- all the hard choices are behind you.
No matter what's going on, you've got to put yourself first today. If a family member needs you, balance caring for them with caring for yourself -- or you are likely to burn out when they need you most!
You must deal with a past failure today, but you can fix what needs to be fixed.
This is not the time for you to sign on with anything that seems unclear or unwise -- you might not be able to wiggle out later! Defer any big decisions until later unless you are absolutely sure.
You say something casually, probably quite early, that provokes a major response from someone close. It's not anything you can avoid, but you should understanding that escalation would be very bad.
Whatever you thought was happening today, you need to revise your opinions pretty quickly. It's definitely for the best if you expand your horizons far beyond what you had expected earlier.
It's a very good day to put in some time with relatives who test your patience.
You're feeling playful and outgoing today and your great energy should be able to lift others' spirits -- if they need it. However your day goes, you should feel just as good at the end as you did in the beginning.
You'd rather spend today exploring fun things. You need to take care of work first.
You're feeling pretty sweet right now -- and you need to assert yourself! It's one of those days when you're at your best muscling to the front of a crowd or trying out the next new hot thing.
You can have fun cleaning the bathroom today -- or doing anything else you'd usually rather put off. It's just one of those days when your good energy seems to trump any outside influence!
You've got megawatts of creative energy flowing through you today -- enough to power a city! You should find an outlet for it without too much trouble and it should be great fun for you.
You aren't interested in the hustle and bustle today -- you would much rather do your own thing in your own way. It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you're not distributed.
Sharing may be caring, but you need to care for yourself first and foremost today! It might feel unbelievably selfish (and people might say as much), but you've got to hold on top what's yours for now.
You need to blow off something kind of big -- Maybe a date, maybe an important work meeting. If you can postpone it, go for it, because you've got more vital stuff to take care of in your life right now.
You and your closest friends are discussing some pretty big ideas today and you could find yourself edging toward a big change in your life. There's no need to worry too much about it!
Get a friend to join you tonight -- appeal to their imagination and they'll say yes.
You know more about yourself than you let on and have some talents you prefer to keep hidden. Today brings you an opportunity to use one of them openly in a way that wins acclaim!
Secrets aren't safe with you today -- but not because you're devious or manipulative! You just aren't thinking quite as quickly as you're speaking, so try to make sure you only speak with those in the know.
Try to reach out to a friend or family member in need -- there's a lot you can do today! Your energy is directed outward, so it's simpler than ever for you to make a real difference in someone's life.
Fade away into the background today -- there's too much going on for you to make a splash and you're much better off hiding out until it's your turn to make a difference. It won't be long!
Listen to someone who's from a different culture than you. They have good insight.
Your social energy is completely engaged right now and you should see if you can meet a few new people. They could be work connections, possible romantic partners or just brand-new friends!
Education is important to you right now and you can learn a ton, no matter how formal or informal your coursework may be. You might be boning up on French history or making a killer piecrust, but it pleases you deeply.
Enjoy the wonders of your life today -- your good energy ensures that you see almost everything in the best possible way. It's a good day to take off from work and just goof around.
The day seems to be pushing your forward faster than you want to go, but you can resist. It might take some doing and at least one person isn't going it like it much, but you've got your own needs.
Your financial issues can't be solved overnight, no matter who promises what to whom. You've got the brains to take care of it, but only if you take the long view and work it all out in your head slowly.
There is almost certainly a leadership gap at work or at home today and you need to step up to address it, if not to fill it. Say something soon and you should get the group to see its needs.
You need to expand your social circle somewhat -- even if you just got involved with someone new, you still need lots of different personalities to keep you fully engaged in the world!
You're so far ahead of the pack that you might just decide to play with the masses a bit today -- and why not? Your hot ideas are years ahead of their time and you need to wait a bit to implement them.
Today you show the world just how eccentric you can be -- and it all goes beautifully! You may decide to open up about your latest schemes or just wear what you want to wear instead of your uniform.
You're having a hard time believing anyone's story today, but give yourself plenty of time before coming down too hard on them. You may need to figure out a few little details before you can pass judgment.
You're devotion to service serves you well, too -- especially at work, but also in other aspects of life. You are at your peak today when you are helping others with their various needs.
Don't believe everything you hear today -- especially if someone is trying to swell you something! Even ideas or ideologies should be suspect, as the world is filled with charlatans today.
You've got patience -- when you need it! Today sets you down in the middle of a situation that demands nothing more from you than a willingness to wait for everyone else to move.
You have the authority today, so use it wisely. Don't let your emotions guide you.
If you're showing someone you care today, go totally overboard! It's one of those days when you need to make a huge effort just to have a tiny impact, but it will be remembered fondly.
Be of service to someone who needs a hand today. Send a sad friend into giggle fits.
You need to apply some serious mental power to the problem at hand -- even if it seems to be chiefly emotional or spiritual. You can analyze the situation with greater confidence than usual!
You need to establish a new routine in your life -- the regularity should help you out quite a bit. It could be anything from getting up at a fixed time to writing in a journal for a half hour every evening.
You are the spark that keeps things exciting today -- use your initiative to keep your love life lovely or to show that new client why you and your team are the best to serve their needs.
Your working relationships are more important than ever and you ought to be able to turn that lunch meeting into something much more interesting if you put your mind to it. Keep it flexible!
You don't always feel comfortable offering criticism, preferring to let things and people be who they are. Today, though, you have to speak out about something that doesn't sit well with you.
You are fully able to bring people together today -- even those who haven't spoken in years! It's a good day for diplomacy and you are the perfect person to get the conversation started.
Education is on your mind today -- and you know just what you want to learn. It's a good time to bone up on old topics or to pick something that would seem too dry for you on ordinary days.
Relax and socialize with anyone who seems appealing today -- you may want to move beyond your usual boundaries. It's a good time to meet new people and to hear out new points of view.
You have got what it takes to make your move today -- the bolder, the better! You may feel a bit off-balance, but you're actually just experiencing the top of a perfect swing, so use the momentum!
You need to make sure that you're not just taking everything at face value today -- there's a lot more going on than you realize! It's one of those days when your illusions might start to fade away.
It's not all that surprising, really, but you finally run into an obstacle today. It may not be all that hard to circumvent, but it does slow you down enough that you start to take notice of your surroundings.
You've got to deal with bureaucrats or their bosses today and while that isn't your idea of a party, you do have the tools to handle whatever paperwork they require. You should come out on top.
It's the little stuff that really matters today -- even if you're sure that you need to keep an eye on the big picture! It may be one of those days when you're underneath a pile of paperwork.
You and your friends are doing quite well together -- at least for now! Social business has ups and downs, but your amazing personal energy is perfect for maintaining the trappings of society.
You feel the urge to stretch out your boundaries somewhat and to see if you can find some new hobby or venue to explore. Your great energy helps you see the merits of each possibility clearly.
You're filled with creative juices today, so get to work bringing something cool to life! Write, paint, take pictures or brainstorm -- you're sure to hit on something that really resonates.
Facts are usually rather slippery, but today they are hard and fast and unmistakable. You need to deal with something that can't be ignored or argued with, but you've got lots of people on your side.
You're at your best working with one person, with whom you share something -- a bond, a mission or just an assignment. Your duet should harmonize perfectly, so expect something really special!
Today is perfect for reminiscing with old friends or family members -- your mind is on the past, rather than the future. You'll snap back soon enough, but for now, you need to keep grounded.
Start something new today -- even if it feels strange or off-putting. It's just one of those days when you really need to mix it up and ensure that you can still move in different directions if need be.
You need to instill a sense of confidence within yourself today -- it could take almost anything, but you're at your best when confronting your fears. After that, anything is possible!
You find it easier than ever to show people how you really feel --especially family members and romantic partners. Your words are like honey to them, so open up and tell them what's what!
You are moving quicker and quicker through your tasks today -- you may even run out! It's a good time to take on new projects or to offer assistance where it is most needed. Score a few points!
Join up with someone who shares at least some of your beliefs and passions -- you've got to get where you're going as part of a group (at least for now). If you're already hooked up, you're golden.
If things start to slow down, no matter where you are, you need to do something to keep busy. Slowing down, even for a few minutes, is a sure way to slide into sleepiness or just major boredom.
It's a feel-good day for you, even if things have been bad lately. It might just be something small, like seeing a friendly face or something big, like a seeming miracle, but you start feeling lots better.
Now is the time to express yourself -- especially your big ideas or plans. If you don't have any, cook one up and see if you can find someone who can help -- it's easier than ever to make your case!
Explore your love life a bit more today -- you need to make sure that you're letting your sweetie (or sweetie-to-be) in on what you're feeling. It's a good time to open up even further and see where you end up.
You love new ideas and today throws a few your way that can't be beat. It's a good time for you to say hey to your coworkers or family members and see if you can dream up a few new schemes!
Change can be welcome or scary -- but you are ready to at least talk about it, no matter how you're feeling. You may need to coerce your family into joining the conversation, but it's worth it.
n
Someone sends you a message through an unexpected channel -- and that could start something really cool and fun! It's a good day to experiment playfully with the way you interact with people.
Your more self nurturing instincts are coming to the forefront today. Obey them.
If you are starting a new romance, be sure to give it all the energy it requires.
Having fun doesn't mean you have to turn off your brain! Be smart when socializing.
Money should not be a deciding factor -- do things that are the right thing to do.
You deserve a break and today may be the perfect day for it. Stick close to home.
It's one of those days when your money seems to fly out of your wallet -- but you hadn't really planned on any major purchases! It's a good time to give into at least one impulse, if only to hold off the rest.
While outside circumstances are largely out of your control, you should still push hard to make this the best possible day. If it doesn't work out, at least you'll know that you did your best.
Everyone around you is yakking away like there's nothing important going on in the world -- but not you! It's a good idea for you to keep your head down and stick with your workload.
You're feeling pretty stressed out over something that seems to be entirely personal -- but is actually part of a much larger whole! You may need to take a step back or even just write the day off.
Physical and emotional safety are key today -- and you can tell just how to achieve them. No matter what you're up to, you can find ways to minimize risk and ensure some measure of success.
You're feeling pretty awesome about a recent pairing -- maybe a date, maybe a new coworker or maybe even just someone you sit next to on the train. Your good energy is perfect for socializing!
Your people are all lined up against one of your latest ideas -- but you can still persuade them if you make the effort. It should take some serious social energy, but you can do it over the long run.
Though you may fall back on the tried and true ideas on normal days, right now you are looking for something wild and new! It's not hard to find something that's out there, so run with it.
Your big ideas may be flying over everyone's heads, but they can tell you're eon to something thanks to the fire in your eyes. Keep pushing ahead with your big plan and they'll catch up later.
You feel just a bit too easy to anger today, so you should try to avoid situations that you know will just provoke you. When it does happen, try your best to keep a level head, but don't back down!
You're feeling quite stable today and much more ready for whatever may be coming. In fact, it's easier than ever for you to profit from the small stuff that is popping up all around you.
Today brings power games galore, which may get old really quickly. If you can bring yourself to take them seriously you may actually find that you can do quite well and work them to your advantage.
Watch yourself in flirtatious situations. Make sure not to take them too seriously.
Everything is right in front of you, waiting for you to just reach out and grab it!  Someone has an idea they'd like to share with you today -- make the time to listen.
You're brimming with great energy and should find that you can get plenty done without even working all that hard. It may feel like you've got an army of personal assistants, like Donald Trump or one of his peers.
Try to have more in-depth conversations with other people. Ask a lot of questions.
It's the perfect day to hang out with a blue friend and start cheering them up!
Taking care of matters at or around your home should be your top priority right now.
Loosen the grasp you currently have on your best friend or sweetie. Give them space.
Be careful about an exciting new opportunity -- and keep you head on straight.
You need to get some distance between yourself and your recent troubles -- and it's easy! You're full of great, fiery energy that is perfect for motion, so get out there and find something new.
You are all about the calculated risk today -- but you need to make sure that you're thinking it through clearly. It may be far too easy for you to just go along with someone else's plan.
Something or someone hard to understand suddenly clicks in your mind and you find them much easier to handle. It's a good time for you to pass by old problems and look toward the future.
You need to slow down and get ready -- preparation is essential today! Your good energy is helping you improvise, but you are much better off planning and getting your folks lined up for later.
You need to take a risk today -- walk on the wild side a bit! It may be acting out at work or showing your family you've got depth, but it's a sure thing that people will look at you differently tomorrow.
A friend could use some tough love and you're the best person to give it to them.
Good news has gotten you excited, but don't let your enthusiasm get the best of you!
Throw away your old to-do list and start over. There may be some stuff on it that just holds you back because you know you'll never do it and you might pop off some cool new projects while you're at it.
It's vital that you retain some flexibility today -- you may need to keep your friends and colleagues informed of your whereabouts and be prepared to move quickly when the time is right.
Your feelings are back with a vengeance and you might not know what to do with them. It's a good time for you to step up and start talking about them, even if you don't really know how to start.
You need to start some new project or take a new direction in life -- you've got the right kind of personal power to remake your world, if you want. Your romantic and family life could use a boost.
Try something new and different today -- eat out somewhere you've never been, experiment with new techniques to clean your house or just pick an activity at random and give it a go!
You're dreaming of something new today -- and you might get a few clues as to how to bring it about. Your positive energy is charged up and ready to go as soon as you want to release it.
Those older than you are making more sense than usual -- even if you don't really want to hear it! Try to keep an open mind, tough as it may be and you should pick up some good advice.
You're even more thoughtful than usual right now, so you may want to shut your door and think things through. The latest big issue in your life may be a lot simpler than you realize!
Try to think more deeply about that one big issue that has been troubling you lately. It may not be all that easy for you to figure out the intricate details, but you can see the shape of the whole.
If you're not seeing someone but wish you were, now is the time to say or do something that makes your case as plain as it can be. You may be pleasantly surprised by the final outcome!
Even if your inclination is to hole up on your own for the day, in order to get stuff done or just to be alone with your thoughts, you need to spend time with people if you want to feel right about life.
No matter where you are today, you feel as if you'd rather be somewhere else. That's not such a bad thing, unless you're stuck somewhere for a really long time. Daydreaming should be a big help!
If you get started on a new project today, you are almost guaranteed to enjoy the results -- even if they aren't what you're expecting. Go into it with an open mind and see where it leads you.
If the big picture is getting you down, narrow your focus a bit and try to enjoy the smaller aspects of life. It's a good day to remember what you're truly thankful for in life and to spread the word.
Something small that should be trivially easy gets more and more frustrating as you try it out today -- and that might start to snowball into something spooky. Just step away and come back to it tomorrow.
You're in the right place to speak out on your own behalf -- and should do so before someone else decides they're the one to speak for you! It's a good time to be more assertive than ever before.
You're more ambitious than usual and your latest round of dreams can be prophetic if you work to make them so. It's a good time to narrow down what you want and then to go for it!
You feel as if you're on stage for much of the day -- and you love it! You should get positive reviews from most of the audience, too, so take an extra bow and share the love with all!
Children are a bigger part of your life today. If you don't have any of your own, you may find that one or more pops up from out of nowhere -- maybe a visitor, maybe the boss's little darlings.
You've got more heart than most and on a day like today, you can make the most of it. Things are going well between you and your family, so it may be a good time to build up those relations.
Enjoy the fiery personal energy you've got coming today -- it should keep you happy even if you're stuck behind a desk or anywhere else you'd rather not be. It's easy to amuse yourself!
It's vital that you say what's in your heart right now -- there is far more going on than you can imagine and those closest to you need to hear you as you work it out with them. It's good for everyone!
You may be feeling down at some point, but all it takes is a smile or compliment from someone you care about to bring you back to the right side of the happiness equation. Seek them out!
You're full of good social energy today and should be able to get your friends together for an impromptu party or gathering -- or at least head out to soak up some energy from the wider world.
Be careful with sharing today -- while you are pretty generous on typical days, right now, you are at risk of giving away the store if you're not paying attention! Pull back for now and give it away later.
Social energy lights you up today, and you should have lots of good fun with your people, as long as they don't mind endless discussions about what to do and where to go -- those are fun for you!
You're the logical choice to lead a group of coworkers, fellow students or family members -- and it feels right to everyone involved. Now is a good time to get input and make plans.
Your primary relationship -- romantic or otherwise -- is much on your mind right now, and it's a safe bet that you need to do something big to keep it from stagnating. You're the master of big plays, though!
Though you are no doubt tempted to save money on today's purchases, you need to spend a little extra to ensure quality. If it lasts longer, does the job better or is just more satisfying, you win.
You don't mind playing power games when other people start them -- and today should bring the culmination of a long struggle. You may need to bob and weave and try something tricky.
Try to keep your eyes on your own work today -- you've got enough going on without worrying about what others are up to! It's one of those days when you're just better served doing your own thing.
Your health is much on your mind right now -- maybe for good reason! The good news (and it is quite good) is that now is the perfect time to do something positive for your health -- it should work wonders!
Your budget needs some adjustment -- and if you don't have a budget, now is the time to draw one up! It may not be the most fun you've ever had, but your mind is in the right place to rethink money.
Stop playing it safe -- if you have been, that is! Your amazing personal energy means it's time to move beyond your comfort zone and try something a little riskier than usual. Go for it!
You're sure of yourself today -- maybe a bit too much? It's a good time for you to pull back a bit and review exactly where you are and what you want to do, as things are getting crazy.
You need to try to stretch yourself out somewhat -- it's a good time to see if you can sneak away from work or wherever you feel too pressed for time. It may be a good time for a mental health day.
You should do what you can to help friends and coworkers today -- you should have your own work covered, as your productivity almost could not be higher! You can score lots of bonus points.
You're much more thoughtful than usual today (which is really saying something), so see if you can get yourself to think through all the ramifications of your next big project or career step.
You're feeling that sense of impending catastrophe again -- but you don't have to take it seriously! You should just try your best to let your friends and family take care of business for you.
You and your friends and family are getting along better than ever today -- though you may actually feel a bit out of sorts. Just enjoy the quiet energy and see if you need to hash anything out.
Your thinking is clear and sharp -- it's a great day to make plans for the future, from next weekend to several years off in the future. Not everything can be anticipated, but you do okay.
Your attention to detail makes life lots more interesting and productive today -- you should be able to pick out the best arrangements, get your people talking about the same stuff and organize your desk completely.
Take action today, no matter what you know, think or fear about the situation. You ought to be able to get yourself on the right side of things pretty quickly, so it's best to get going.
You need to direct your energies out into the world at large -- find a cause and support it, find someone in need and help them or just focus attention on how things are coming together out there.
Some good financial news comes your way -- and you ought to be able to make the most of it if you can take time out from other activities. See if you can get advice from someone who knows the issues.
The more you rail against authority, the more likely things are to go against you! Today might pit you against someone who's feeling omnipotent, and you should wait until later to ambush them.
Today brings a new sense of attachment to some person, place or thing that has always been important to you. Enjoy the time you spend together and see if you can strengthen the connection even more.
It seems that your life is making sense again -- it's about time! Your mental energy is sharper, and you feel as if you can understand more and more about how the people in your life think.
This isn't the best time for action, but it is a great day for making plans for later. Your great mental energy is perfect for locking down possibilities and ensuring future success.
You aren't the only chatterbox in the room today -- almost everyone around you seems to have plenty to say! In fact, you may find that people are more likely to reveal odd little secrets than usual
Sometimes you need to just get yourself together and deal with life as it really is -- but today is not one of those days! You're a little overwhelmed by all the details, and that is just fine.
You need to slow down and inspect every detail of your dealings today -- there are little hidden pitfalls that you can avoid, but only if you allow yourself to get bored while you slog through it all.
Your attention to detail guarantees that you can clean up -- literally and figuratively -- with much greater care than usual. In fact, you may actually earn praise from someone who almost never doles it out.
Try to get your friends to explain what they want or need -- you are in a good position to help them, even if nobody knows it yet! Once you get the word, it's easy for you to snap into action.
Defer any deep thoughts for later -- you don't have to figure anything out just now and that time could be better spent in more active pursuits. It's a fine time for you to make other folks wonder.
Criticism is easy -- as you have noted yourself, over and over, as others have found fault with your own plans. Now is not a good time to kvetch yourself, because others just aren't listening.
You may find that your typical ebullient nature is somewhat subdued today -- but it's not a sign of anything dark or scary. It's one of those days that demands a slower and more thoughtful approach.
Today is a slower day than you really want it to be, but that doesn't mean you can just rush ahead willy-nilly! Make sure that you complete each step before moving ahead, or you're sure to lose ground.
Try to let your emotional side take over today -- it is stronger than ever and makes all the right choices. You may find that some friends or family members are a bit overwhelmed by your display.
Someone close needs your help -- and it's easy for you to step up and score some points! You may find that your tidy habits help you to make it all work out for the best without any effort.
It's a great day for you to look for more information on almost any topic. Whether you're researching jobs, leads, romantic possibilities or your heritage, you should find just what you're looking for.
You're understanding your partner (romantic or otherwise) better and better today -- something really seems to click between you, and your minds are much more in sync than usual. Make the most of it!
It's a good day for a strategic retreat. You're not feeling all that fired up anyway, and today's challenges are just a little too much for you at this time. No one can fault you for trying again.
You can't permit yourself to blow off any detail work today -- you've got too much to do! It's one of those days when little errands and tasks are more important than usual, and shouldn't be blown off.
Social connections are easier than ever to pull of, and you should be able to get your name out there for consideration for jobs, awards, scholarships or whatever you are looking for.
Service is on your agenda today, on one way or another. It might just be work, but it could also be a calling -- you've got to direct your energy outward if you want to make the most of it!
Try to tackle a big new project -- even if you don't have anything planned. It's a good time for you to move out in a new direction or to show someone close to you what you are capable of.
You can get your way today without too much effort -- as long as you are willing to wink and smile and tease! It's much harder for you to get people to agree if you use your usual force of will.
It's easier than ever to make new friends or to reconnect with old friends -- your social energy is perfect for letting people in or for getting them to see different sides of you. Make the most of it!
Can you force yourself to take care of all the little details of your work? If not, you may be unpleasantly surprised when they start to work against you later on. It's vital that you take care of business.
Romance is on your mind now -- and you can easily turn heads! If you're committed to one person, spend some extra time together or sneak away on your own for a while to reconnect together.
Get organized! You've got the right kind of energy to put your life in order and make it easier to move forward, so if you get on it right away, you should be ten times as productive tomorrow.
No matter what you want to do today, it is up to you or start the ball rolling. It may be a good idea for you to approach your boss or mate to check in, but the idea has to come from you.
Your thoughts are vibrant and potent today, so see if you can find a good way to organize them -- or at least to get your people to help you remember them! Socializing is its own reward, too.
You're sensing that your love life is on the upswing -- and you are right! No matter how long you've been together or how recently you broke up, things should look a lot better for you now.
You surprise yourself -- and possibly quite a few other people -- by forging a strong connection with someone who's pretty far afield from your usual clients or friends. Make the most of it!
Expect a spot of difficulty with your personal business today -- things are a bit disconnected, and you may just have to wait for the situation to resolve itself before you can move forward.
You can get the message today -- but it's harder than usual. You need to rely on intuition, and you also need the luck to be in the right place at the right time, but when it all adds up, you know.
Try to improve your position today, at work or in the neighborhood -- it is much easier than you would expect! Though you may not feel at the top of your game, the path has been made clear for you.
You're always starting something, but today is the best day for you to get going on something totally new! Your coworkers or mate are supportive, and you ought to be able to get lots done.
Try to get your friends or coworkers to understand your side of the story -- you need to get them to at least consider things from your point of view. Communication comes a lot easier on days like this.
You and your friends are all in sync today, so you don't need to worry about stepping on toes or checking in with every last acquaintance before you make decisions. It all works out really well.
You're in the middle of something really good today, and ought to be able to push any personal projects farther and farther until you're almost exactly where you need to be. Keep it up!
Expect a more meaningful conversation with your mate or someone else close to you today -- you should both be on more or less the same wavelength. It's a good time to reconnect and move forward.
Any project you begin today has a much higher chance of succeeding, so get going even if you don't feel quite ready. You should find that the groundwork has already been partially laid.
You need to act today -- things are happening too quickly for you to wait them out. It's a good time to let yourself push things forward in a way that might feel uncomfortable to others.
Though you are more interested in appearances today, that doesn't mean you're superficial! It just means that you are more likely to win the approval of those who look right to you.
Cultural considerations are foremost in your mind right now, and your great social energy ensures that you can explore and learn much more than usual. It's a great time to travel and learn.
Your home life is a bit more troubled than usual right now, but that doesn't mean that you need to head out and not look back! You may just need to confront the situation on its own terms.
You're feeling pretty frustrated over some person or concept that keeps eluding your grasp. Today is not the time to keep trying over and over -- just relax and things should shake out in a few days.
Someone close -- maybe a child -- needs your help, and you almost certainly need to clear away some preconceptions before you can really reach out. It's a great time to ask big questions.
The day is moving much more slowly than usual for you, so see if you can get your friends or coworkers to cover if you need to deal with some issue that takes up far too much time.
Exploit your paranoid streak -- it's working behind the scenes to keep you vigilant! In fact, it may help you uncover someone who is actually working against you. Make sure to start trusting again soon, though.
It's the best time for you to think really big and make plans that go far beyond the next few days or weeks. Your sense of the big picture is clear, so don't let anyone talk you out of your plans.
You're filled with great social energy today, and should be able to have a great time with your friends and family. See if you can put off responsibilities for some other time -- you need to chill!
Values are more important than ever to you, so get your partner -- however you define that term -- to open up further about their deeper feelings. It's easier than you would think, and more fruitful, too.
You're almost unreasonably happy today -- so enjoy it! You may find that your friends or loved ones are joining in the good times as you hum or whistle your way through your day.
Try your best to let others do and say more or less whatever they want today -- you're at risk of pushing them too far otherwise! It's a balancing act, but you can get through the day without stumbling.
You really feel restless today -- but it's harder than ever to act on it! You may just have to sit still while seemingly everyone else gets to run around and have fun. Try to ride this phase out.
You need structure more than most people -- but it's not a neurotic thing, it's just common sense! You may find that your working situation today is in need of a serious reboot, so go for it!
Use your brain today -- it can take you far! You may out-think the competition, come up with a sweet plan or just spot the hidden gems within the massive body of data in front of you.
You need to speak to someone new today -- and while you're usually pretty confident with social situations, this one might give you pause. If you go for it, expect a huge success!
Your friends are more valuable than usual -- one might let you in on a new opportunity, or maybe you meet a potential flame through someone you'd never expect to set you up. Keep the social energy flowing!
You may feel a bit more self-absorbed than usual today, but that isn't a sign of anything terrible. You just need to make sure that you're focusing on yourself for now so you can turn outward later.
You are almost sure to get caught up in something big today -- maybe a minor social uprising, maybe a spontaneous party. Don't hold back, as you need to take part as fully as possible.
Your emotional life turns upside-down today -- though that might be an extremely good thing! Wait a while before coming to a definitive judgment, but make sure to take care of yourself too.
Lead the way today -- you can hardly go wrong! It's one of those times when you know that things are going your way and ought to be able to get your people to follow along with zero effort.
You're exploring more and more new ideas and territories today, and you couldn't be happier about it! Exert yourself a bit to dig up a sweet find that can't be replicated any time soon.
Your resurgent energy helps you make nice with the neighbors or find some other way to show folks that all is well. You may want to try to build a few new bridges -- you've got the energy!
You can put other people at ease today without even trying -- you just seem to pick up on their needs and adjust subconsciously! It's the perfect time to play host, especially to those from far away.
You need to keep yourself from worrying too much about how much you've got to do --and just do it! You're one responsible person even on your off days, and right now, you are focused like a laser!
Things seem pretty tough for you right now -- but you don't have all the information you need to evaluate it properly! Keep slogging along hopelessly until you see what's really happening.
You're having more fun than you can believe possible today, and should be able to get your friends, family and coworkers to see how great things can be if they relax and join in with you.
You're feeling just a wee bit off balance today, but it's easy enough to rectify. In fact, you may come to find your new arrangement much more satisfying than what you had been living with before!
You see yourself more as an idea person than as someone who really gets things done, most likely, but today you need to get practical if anyone is. Your energy can organize an army!
Now is a great time for you to experiment with different approaches -- if only because your usual approach is a bit hampered by circumstance! You ought to be able to learn a few new tricks.
Your personal life is sure to be interesting today, and you almost certainly find that larger issues are taking over, even in the most intimate details. It's a good time to realign your values.
Try your best to keep yourself open-minded today -- you've got far more going on than usual, and might have to take in some information that just doesn't make sense to you quite yet.
Your openness is the key to success today -- there's no need for subterfuge! It's a fine time for you to try new things or to see if you can get your friends to share their big secrets.
Are you on the road right now? If so, you're no doubt having the time of your life. If not, your passion for travel is engaged, and you need to make some plans as soon as you practically can.
You might want to just kick back and enjoy the good times -- though your energy is active enough that it might be hard to sit still! Whatever you do, you should have fun with it all.
It's vital that you keep yourself fairly objective today -- taking sides doesn't pay off for you! It may be harder than usual for you to keep from lecturing someone about a topic that you know a lot about.
No matter how much you resist on the inside, try to go along with the big new thing today. It may or may not work out, but fighting back is sure to make things worse for you and those you care about.
You can't get yourself moving all that quickly if you're trying too hard -- but once you relax and let go, you should find your productivity skyrocketing! You just need to get in the flow.
Let your closest friends and family members come in a little closer -- you can afford the time! It's the best day for you to build up pre-existing relationships, though you are always open to newcomers.
Try not to worry all that much about your workload -- even at home -- because you can make it all right without too much trouble. See if you can get your friends to help out with finishing stuff up.
It's the best possible time for you to work with groups and get them to see their common interests. You may not style yourself as a leader, but you can certainly inspire folks quite well!
Decision making is tough today, and you are almost certainly torn between several alternate courses. It may be a good time to let go and let someone else call the shots for a bit.
You are feeling the urge to tackle some large issue that may define your life for some time in the future. Now is the best time to join a cause, try therapy or deepen a relationship.
You're facing a big choice, but it's not that hard, really -- only one possibility really feels right to you. That's not to say that it's going to be easy once you've made the call, but at least you're certain
It shouldn't be your number-one priority, but do try to keep yourself from hurting people's feelings today. It's easier than you would think, and even if you mean nothing, they can still take offense.
Sometimes your life turns into an adventure story, and today is one of those times. You may find that a friend needs your help in a big way, or maybe you just need to rush out into a new part of town.
Your soul is craving art or music or some other stimulation -- so go out and see what you can find! You may need to ask a smart friend for recommendations, but you're happy with almost anything
You're feeling pretty great about how the day is going -- and your good energy keeps you motoring along all the way through it! You can make amazing progress on almost any personal project.
Some task that you have been putting off for a while turns out to be quite a lot of fun -- which is a delightful surprise! You may even find a new hobby, and if so, it could pay for itself.
Good news blasts you this afternoon -- and you might decide to take the rest of the day off to celebrate! Your great energy can make the most of almost any opportunity, so enjoy it to the fullest!
Your self-understanding is quite high today -- though that could take away from your social life somewhat! It's a tricky balance, but you should focus on personal issues first and foremost.
Let your passions flare up today -- no matter where you are! It may make for a romantic night or a workday filled with battles, but no matter what happens, you should feel right about it all.
You have to make a special effort to keep an open mind today -- but sometimes you are better off closing up shop! See if you can put off any serious discussions or brainstorm sessions for another day.
It's easier than ever to maintain a sense of objectivity today -- your ability to see all sides of all questions is peaking, and while it might drive a few friends crazy, you can be relied on to be fair to all.
You need to express yourself a little differently today -- your feelings are out in the open, so there's not much point in being coy or trying to cover up. Be as direct as you can and see what happens.
An odd coincidence makes life much simpler for you early today. It might feel as if you're on a lucky streak, but now is not the time to borrow money for a Vegas trip. Just keep inching forward.
Watch out for your coworkers and neighbors -- you may be tempted to use them for your own purposes today, and while that can be okay, if you do so too often, you may find them turning against you!
You're pretty sure you're on the right track right now -- or if not, how to get there! Your desires are out in the open, and it feels good to push yourself in the right direction. It may have been a while!
You're out on the edge of some emotional precipice today -- but you don't feel endangered! If anything, you're calm and relaxed, because something about the situation reminds you of your past.
It's time for you to exercise some of that famous shrewdness -- you've got some choices to make, and you can ensure that you and your people come out way ahead of where you are now.
You're in a really good position to help your friends today -- and they may not even realize what you've done! It's not the time to grab at credit, though, as you're far better off letting it sink in slowly.
Your work -- however you choose to define that term -- may be getting in the way of your family life today. Every now and then, that's fine and good, but right now, you need to get back in balance.
You're back where you want to be -- at least in some way. It may be that you're saying what you mean, rather than hiding behind clever words, or that you are living life just as you please.
Your finances are not where you want them to be -- though of course, that's true for almost everyone! The difference in your case is that you've got the right kind of energy to do something about it now.
Even the iffiest of plans should work out well today -- if not exactly how you had expected! It's a good time for you to ease up on that one friend who's always flaking out on you.
You're not afraid of a little hard work, and today you find that you've got plenty of reason to feel good about that. You're starting to get payback for some serious hours you put in a while back.
You work pretty hard, even on off days, but it all starts to pay off now. You may just get a little recognition, or instead you may get some more tangible reward for your efforts. Enjoy!
Your mate gets bossy (or naggy) today, and while you can usually laugh it off when this happens, today it touches a nerve. It may be time for a sit-down chat where you both unload your feelings.
Test your limits today -- but don't be too surprised if they're nearer than you had thought! This situation won't last forever, but for now you need to ease up and try to keep it together for a while.
Today, concentration is essential! If you can't find some way to shut out distractions, you are sure to just flail around helplessly until it's time to quit. Get help from friends or coworkers, if need be.
It's one of those days when you've got more charisma than you know what to do with -- and people are drawn to you helplessly. It's a good day to convince people your ideas are the best.
You feel a little nervous about those you have to deal with today -- an audience, an interviewer or a competitor, perhaps. You've got secret advantages, but the tension is still thick!
Life is pretty crazy just now -- but you can get even crazier! If you're uncomfortable, you're in the right place, so keep pushing until you come out on the other side and feel a lot better.
You trust your instincts and hunches, but sometimes you hesitate, waiting for confirmation. This is not that time to do that -- go ahead and jump when your gut says the time is right!
Take a second (or third, or eleventh) look at the forces shaping your present and future -- but forget about the past, as much as possible. It's one of those days when you might see something really big at work.
Your jealous side comes out with a vengeance today -- and anyone who has neglected you lately is likely to feel the burn! You can teach lessons that can never be forgotten if you feel like it.
Try your best to be honest with yourself today about your goals and plans -- at least one cherished notion almost certainly has to go! If you do it yourself, the pain should be considerably lessened.
You can see every factor that is at work in your life today, and ought to be able to make big decisions without any serious problems. Consult with all players and then move forward decisively.
You and your people are having some troubles at home and you need to address them directly. It could just be a disagreement over decorations, but it could run much deeper -- dive in!
Someone is trying to shove a pretty sizable change down your throat -- but you can resist! You may want to go along with it, if only to have some input into how it's implemented in the long term.
It's okay to move more slowly today -- in fact, you are almost certainly better off letting others move ahead. It's one of those days when you find that your ability to see the possibilities is almost a problem.
Try to look at any new ideas or plans two or three times -- long enough to let your intuitive side mull them over thoroughly! You should know whether or not to go for it based on your gut instinct.
Don't be too surprised if you slip up and accidentally reveal too much at work -- or close down at home. Your boundaries are slipping a little, and that just means you're due for a realignment.
Today is a good day for silence -- not just because there are secrets in play, but because your ability to parse your words is stronger than ever. You can talk for an hour without saying anything important!
That difficult task that you have been procrastinating about for ages turns out to be a piece of cake, giving you far more time than you had thought for other endeavors. Get productive!
You're not at your best flying solo today -- though you can do okay by yourself if you must. Synergies with coworkers and family members ensure that group projects and activities serve you well.
It may be quite difficult for you to understand a particularly odd social situation until you think about who's got the power. That should clear everything up -- though it may obligate you to change things!
You can impress people without even realizing it today, so get out there and meet folks! Your energy is a little scattered, but that doesn't matter -- you still show people your best side!
Someone is acting out in a big way today -- and you're not quite sure what to make of it. Proceed on the assumption that they're just looking for attention and you can't go wrong this time.
Try your best to accept all ideas today -- though you don't have to adopt them yourself, of course! A display of tolerance should get you far as you try to navigate the strange social waters today.
Settle down a bit today and make a concrete plan for your next big party, project or life milestone -- you need to set it all down so you can figure out how to get from here to there without a hitch.
You have a pretty good social sense, but today there's something going on that you just can't read. It may be a family member behaving erratically or a coworker who seems exceptionally neurotic.
Someone from your past is checking back in with you over some shared experience or memory. It may not be through normal channels, so open yourself up to alternatives as much as you can.
There's a lot going on under the surface today, but that doesn't mean you can't reach out and try to communicate. If anything starts to go off the rails, just remember to read body language.
You may face more than one big emotional challenge today -- but you need to use your head to get past them! The more logical you can be, the more likely you are to get people to see your side of things.
It's easier than usual for you to get work done today -- unless your family needs you! The odds are good that you get at least one semi-emergency call that turns out to be relatively trivial.
Try to get together with a group of like-minded folks today -- friends, family, coworkers or anyone else, really. You're okay on your own, but you really shine in the company of others!
You can't help but blaze trails today, no matter what you're doing on the surface. See if you can get your friends to follow along, but if you have to go it alone, you can get along just fine without them for now.
Are you hanging on to some cherished idea or plan that has long outlived its usefulness? Now might be the time for you to try something new, even if it means turning your life inside-out for a bit.
Try not to worry too much about your big projects or deadlines right now -- you need to let your creative energy flow! It may be past time for you to bust out with something earth-shattering.
You may need to rein in your odder instincts -- or those of your friends or loved ones. Today needs a bit of seriousness, if not solemnity, if folks are going to be able to get through it all!
Expand your boundaries today -- try something totally new! You may not succeed at first, but the mere effort is enough to keep you energized and active for as long as it takes to get there.
Complications ensure that any plan is hard to stick to right now -- but that doesn't mean you can't give it a go! Just make sure that you're flexible enough to handle the inevitable wrinkles.
Everything is a little weirder today -- though that can be really good for you! A big change is happening today, or maybe just coming soon, but either way, you need to be at the forefront!
See if you can get your friends and family to accompany you as you explore the city or the country -- your itch can't be denied! Anything new you try should be ten times more interesting than usual.
Something (or someone) new and exciting comes your way today, probably midday, and might get you all revved up in a new way. It's time for you to make a change of some kind, and this is the catalyst.
Whether you're dealing with your love life or trying to land a new client, you need to appeal to the intellect. Most people are a little out of touch with their emotions for now, so work what you can.
Try something really radical today -- you've got to show people what you're made of! Now is a good time for you to see about shifting things in a direction that feels much more appealing to you.
You know more than you are letting on -- but now is a great time to share your wisdom. At least one person close to you needs to hear it before they make some kind of terrible mistake.
You're a natural leader -- people tend to respect what you've got to say. Today, it's easier than ever to influence those around you, so get them on board and then make sure everyone stays in step.
New ideas are crucial to success today -- so reach out and ask for help in brainstorming! You've got the right people on your side, so it's just a matter of time before you hit on something hot!
Get out in the world and see what you find -- it's sure to surprise you! It's just one of those days when exploration is rewarded with fun and good times instead of disappointment and boredom.
Expect some tussling at home -- maybe over new rules, maybe over some potential changes. You've got to make sure that you're not just trying to force your vision on others, but don't just give up, either!
You've got a lot to say today -- once you open your mouth, you surprise even yourself! Try to stay positive and upbeat, even if you've got some complaints, as that's the only way to get by right now.
Inspiration is striking left and right today -- and when it finally hits you, expect to see what you want out of the future much more clearly! You should be able to get going on it right away
You run into someone from far out of town -- or maybe your instinct for travel takes you out of town yourself! In either case, your great social energy is perfect for making connections that last.
Your amazing, creative energy is perfect for tackling new projects or impressing new people. You've got your usual social grace combined with a sense of fun that just can't be denied!
You've got big plans, and today you get one step closer to completing one of them. Your ambitions aren't excessive, and your great energy today should help push you even farther forward. Enjoy!
You can work wonders today if you let your friends or coworkers do things a little differently. It's one of those days when you are a little less sure of what used to feel like certainties.
Expect parent-related difficulties today -- even if they're not so much a part of your life any more. It could be anything from an odd request to a bureaucratic nightmare, but you need to handle it with care.
You are a little overwhelmed, at least mentally, and could really use some down time to collect your thoughts. It's a great day to take off early or to take a long walk by yourself, if possible.
You need to do your very best to be careful about frustration today -- it's much more likely than usual. If you see it coming, you don't have to flip out and make trouble for yourself down the line.
Take a deep breath and think two or three times before making any big decisions today -- you may not have all the info yet. In fact, you may want to reconsider whether something is such a hot idea.
Don't bother trying to keep your stuff together today -- the harder you try, the more likely you are to lose something vital. When the inevitable happens, backtrack or budget a quick replacement.
Your friends are incredibly understanding today -- so much so that you might start to get suspicious! Try not to second-guess them, though, as it's all on the up and up and things should improve soon.
Your family isn't taking things quite as seriously as you want them to -- but they may be right! Let them move at the pace they want, as long as they aren't just flat-out rejecting what you've got to say.
Your coworkers and other folks around you might be desperately confused, but not you! It's easier than ever for you to make incremental progress, even on tough projects that demand a lot of attention.
You meet all sorts of people all the time, as your social mind is constantly engaged. Today, you may run into someone quite different from your usual friends, and you should pursue the lead vigorously!
It's simple to get along with your peers today -- much more so than usual! It may be that they are in a better mood, but even if they're grumpy, you can bypass all that with a smile and a wave!
Don't hold back today -- people need to hear your ideas! You're in the right place and the right time to make a real difference, but only if you're willing to take the risk of being misunderstood.
Someone is poking their nose into your business just a little too much and you need to make sure that you're not lashing out at them. Be as private as you want to be, but don't cause a scene.
You're on a mission to impress all the right people today -- and you should pull it off with ease! It may be that you're dealing with total strangers, but that just makes your job even easier!
Try not to give into temptation today -- especially if you're tempted to gamble or risk someone's feelings. Luck isn't on your side, though your talent may see you through anyway.
Your resistance to dumb ideas is peaking, though of course it's not any easier to say no to people who would rather you say yes. Make the effort and you won't regret it -- things get better right away!
If you get caught up in a power struggle today, get out of it as soon as you can!
Your luck is about to change today -- and that could be a good thing or a bad thing.
You will feel a magnetic pull toward a new person today and you should follow it.
Things are about to equalize in your life, so get ready to enjoy a healthier period.
It's a good idea to spend some time thinking about what you want to do next in life.
Try not to make a huge production out of it, but you are feeling quite a bit cheaper than usual and want to cut costs in any way possible. Personalize it as much as you can and try to avoid inflicting it on family.
Your good mood is quite infectious today, so start laughing and get others to do the same! Even if things seem dire at home or at work, you can lighten it all up a bit just by being who you are.
You're in touch with your community or family now and should be able to make great progress toward meeting its needs. Slow down and take your time, though others may seem rushed.
Exercise what authority you have today in an effort to keep your people in line. It may be harder than usual, thanks to the independent energy that keeps popping up all around you.
You are much more focused on others than usual, which is saying quite a lot! Your friends seem friendlier and your sweetie seems sweeter -- so it's a good time to join together for big fun!
Explore the world of art today -- even if it's all online. Your eye for beauty is keen and needs to be used more, so you can more easily get your sense of place and come back down to reality.
Your ambitions are really powerful right now, so see if you can get your people to help you follow your dreams. They might be doing their own stuff, but you can still make progress on your own.
Let someone else take the heat today -- you need to stay in the background and get your work or chores done anyway. Right now, you are at your best in a supporting role, but your star turn is coming!
You get some bad or so-so news late in the day, but it shouldn't be catastrophic. More likely, it's just a setback that should only hold you up for a bit if you can avoid crippling yourself with disappointment.
You just don't understand what the big deal could be -- you've got plenty to do and think about, but it seems that your friends and family are off in different worlds of their own. Give them space.
Take care of yourself today -- it may be a while before you can reconnect with those who usually help you make it through the day. Your self-sufficiency may surprise you and quite a few others.
Expect quite as bit of acting out today -- your family and coworkers are all trying to out-weird each other, it seems! If you can just roll your eyes and let them play, you should find that they settle down soon.
Harmony's easy to achieve when you think the best of people -- especially strangers.
You are a very good listener, and you will be able to make people open up today.
Just because you know what needs to be done, that doesn't mean you can convince all the key players you're right. It may be tough for you to get much done today, but you can at least work on your own business.
Service and volunteering are at the forefront of your mind today, and that could mean that you get a lot done that would never otherwise happen. You could score some serious karma points!
Life is a little strange right now, so see if you can get your friends or family to help you figure it all out. Your own sense of bewilderment is not a sign that anything is completely hopeless.
You're thinking really big today -- so much so that you might just find yourself taking a big step! Your dreams of change can come true, but you may have to slog through a lot of hard work first.
Everyone seems to have an opinion today -- and that includes you, of course! The problem is that it may be hard for you to discern between the good ones and the bad ones, so put off big decisions.
Watch out for credit card spending, or any other kinds of loans -- you may be getting in over your head! It's a good time to put off big purchases or ask around your network for advice or assistance.
Unless you've got piles of important work to claw through today, you should have a pleasant enough time dawdling and dreaming about what could be. Your daydreams are closer to reality than usual!
Your inner life is just as rich as real life today -- and you may use one to affect the other for the better! Great ideas come your way all day and you may find yourself stumbling into a great new position.
Help out at work or at home -- preferably in some activity you don't usually take part in. Your amazing energy helps you take care of business quickly and easily, and earns you tons of points!
A very close friend leaves a text or voice mail that might confuse you -- if you're lucky! If not, you might misinterpret it and run off on a comically lengthy goose chase until they finally put a stop to it.
Your mindset determines how this day goes for you -- and that means more than just how you respond to events! Your positive outlook can actually generate good luck and easy progress.
You shock your family with a bold new idea -- and it's one that they love! You might want to pull up the stakes or try some crazy new activity, but they are glad to follow along with you.
Your feelings are a bit more fragile than usual, but that can work out pretty well as long as you're honest with others. Let them know what you're feeling when you feel it and things can improve quickly.
Nobody seems to know what to do today -- nobody but you, that is! You may have to let them dawdle and bumble around while you keep moving, but you can lend a hand if you think it's vital.
You can't reach someone important early today -- so reach out in some other way! You have more means at your disposal than you usually can remember, so get busy and see what you can dream up.
Someone close -- maybe your mate or child -- is driving you crazy today. They can't seem to understand the simplest things you say, and it may be best to walk away for a short while.
Try to let others take the heat today -- but not by throwing them into it! Just keep your head down and wait for this phase to pass. It doesn't take long, and you should be stronger for it.
There are many more people involved in today's big plans than you had realized -- but you should have fun anyway! It's a great time for you to see about adding more folks to your social group.
Avoid any tasks that involve too much focus -- you should attend to big-picture stuff, if possible. Spreadsheets and databases are sure to bore you, or at least confuse you, today.
You get along quite well with mystery, and may find that your people are looking to you for answers when they can't figure out what's going on. See if you can lend a hand without straining credibility.
Try to take care of something that only you have any interest in -- it's got to happen some time, and you should have a hall pass from your work or family. It's easy, fun and worthwhile!
Explore a bit more today -- you've got to make sure that you are checking out all your options! It's a cinch that you discover something really big, as long as you let your energy flow.
Ask for clarification if you even suspect that you didn't get what someone really meant today. It might not be all that hard for you to pick up on it, but only if you know to try.
A door opens early today, and while it's totally up to you whether to cross the threshold, your soul cries out to move on. Go forward and you should find a whole new world waiting for you!
Your energy wants to be used -- and it needs to be directed out into the world, or at least outside yourself. Lend a hand to someone in need or volunteer for a cause you truly believe in.
Someone is frustrated with you -- but they are the ones who are wrong this time. You are doing things your way (that is, the right way) and they need to have a little patience if they want it done right.
Try not to let your coworkers or neighbors mooch too much off of you today -- you need to marshal your resources much more carefully! You can go back to being everyone's helper in a few days.
You need to rearrange your schedule somewhat -- if you can't see why right now, it becomes clear shortly. It's a great day to ask for a rain check or to postpone inessential appointments.
There may be a few too many large personalities in your family or work group for anything to get done today -- unless you take the initiative and ensure that everyone works for the common good.
Even if you're in the middle of a really intense fling, you need to pull yourself away from romance temporarily today -- or integrate it into the rest of your life. You've got too much going on to neglect!
Push the boundaries of your latest project -- you need to really get out there if you want to get noticed! The good news is that you can maintain a certain level of accessibility no matter what.
You may offend someone in a fit of passion, but you can walk it back pretty quickly if you think it's important enough. Don't hold back -- that only guarantees an explosion later on!
You should try to get your friends to join in your latest cause -- whatever that may be. Even if you have to go it alone, you feel that this is something that has to happen for the greater good.
Life is better for you if you hide out for a bit -- preferably in plain sight! All you need to do is bury yourself in work, or in a role that very few people take notice of. You should learn a lot!
Sometimes you have to speak first, even if someone else has the floor or otherwise thinks they own the conversation. Your energy demands action, and it's up to you to make it happen quickly.
You can have fun clipping your nails or filling out online forms, your energy is so good! It's one of those days when you ought to be able to take care of all sorts of backlogged tasks and errands.
Your new ideas are hotter and hotter today, so much so that you may have to blow off some old projects to get blazing on the new ones! Your creative side is all-powerful when it takes over.
Your romantic inclinations are stronger than ever today, and while you'd like nothing more than to relax at home or somewhere comfy with a sweetie, you may need to compromise and head out.
You need to move beyond your usual limits today -- try a new neighborhood, explore some culture that has never been on your radar before, or use the Web to find some new random obsession!
Whether you've got kids yourself or are watching a few for a friend, little ones are part of your life today. It may even be that you're just getting frisky or playful at work when it's all adults.
You can't get by with chatter and charm today -- you need to concentrate! Whether it's paperwork or emotional bonding, the only way you can get through it is by some serious deep thought.
You're having a lovely day in one way or another -- but try to maintain a balance between all of your people and activities. It's one of those days when you could easily fall off the deep end!
You are still learning, even if you're long past retirement -- you can't help yourself! Today brings some new info, or maybe even a new framework for processing information. Make the most of it!
A group needs your advice or input, and while you might not know exactly what to say at first, the more you talk, the surer you become that what you're saying must be true. Keep at it and see where it goes.
It's a hard day for you, but not impossible -- and if you can handle the weirdness, you may come out in a very different place! It's possible that you may remember this day warmly for a long time.
You have a hard time distinguishing what you want from what's real today and that could cause all sorts of minor troubles. It's a good day to get advice and guidance from those in the know.
You must have patience today -- you might not be able to handle the stress otherwise! It's a good day to remind yourself of what's really important, so see if you can get your people to help out.
Someone you trust finds a way to bruise your ego -- but it's at least half thanks to your sensitivity today! You may find that you're misinterpreting them, too, so don't take any rash actions.
Try not to let yourself get too bogged down in details today -- though that is incredibly easy! You may need to find someone else to help out with them, but that can't be too difficult.
Money issues are consuming more attention than usual, and you ought to be able to apply yourself more thoroughly to them. It's a good time to make decisions and press forward boldly.
Almost everyone you meet today is in a terrific rush -- but you don't have to let yourself get swept up in it! Try to just chill out and do things in your own time, while they spin in speedy circles.
You will be bouncing between opposite experiences all day long -- it will be fun!
To get more attention from a certain someone, bolder action might be necessary.
Remember that your old relatives bring new insight to your life. Listen to them.
A lot of warmth's coming your way today. It's a great day to hang with friends.
Someone's recent dramatic generosity to you may be covering up a guilty conscience.
Becoming too complacent in your daily routine is not wise for your career growth.
All of your plans are going to go perfectly today. It's going to be one happy day.  Adding some fun into a business situation can help you get more done. Have fun.
You're not exactly set in your ways, but sometimes you do need to be shaken up a bit. Today brings someone to do just that -- and you are more than willing to play along this time!
Your romantic side is fully engaged today, and you are almost certain to find that it's a two-way street. No matter what your status may be, you find a way to work it so you're deeply happy.
You thought you knew what was going on, but as it happens, you're just as confused as ever! It's a good day for you to assume nothing and start over, even with the thorniest of problems.
Your great personal energy ensures that you face any issue in the most practical way possible. This could lead to resolutions for all sorts of problems that have been bothering you for quite a while.
You're in an unusually good position to express new ideas at work or at home. Your great energy really resonates with all the key players, and you might find that things start to get a lot better really soon!
You are more indulgent of nonsense than usual, and that can pay off handsomely for you! All that good energy has to go somewhere, and you may be able to direct it toward a good end.
Your inner strength is stronger than ever right now, so see if you can get your people to open up and reveal their needs. You can be far more helpful if you have some guidance from them!
You're feeling a heavy weight that is keeping you from moving fast -- but it's a comforting kind of weight! You ought to be able to get going again after you recalibrate your goals and tools.
It's a good time for you to sit down with family and gab about old times. Great memories are dislodged, and you may find yourself wandering down Memory Lane far into the night. It's a good use of your energy!
Open up communication with someone new -- or maybe someone from your past. It's a really good time for you to initiate almost any kind of contact, really, but don't overdo it this time!
If things seem daunting -- and there is a good chance that they do -- just roll up your sleeves and get to work. The best thing you can do is put your strongest effort into it, because you have real influence!
Someone tells you exactly what you want to hear, and that could be the start of something really great -- or it could mean that they're trying to play you. Slow down and figure it all out some other day.
Life is getting a little weird for you today -- unexpected obstacles keep popping up every now and then. It's a good time for you to try to slow down and avoid any stressful activities. Pick it up later!
Try your best not to make life any harder than it needs to be today -- you might accidentally spend too much time reading online or otherwise procrastinating, so keep it all in balance.
Come back down to earth and deal with the issues at home or at work that are most immediately important. You may find that you're a little overwhelmed, but assistance is on the way.
You've got an artistic side that needs expression every now and then -- and today, you should find that you've still got it! Maybe you dress up a presentation or just make your house a little sweeter.
Mix things up a little bit today -- you've got the right kind of mindset to make discoveries and maybe hit on your next new favorite thing. Bring a friend or make a date out of it if you want!
You need to see if you can trick your friends and family into relaxing a bit and having fun with you. Some of them are so wrapped up in minutiae that they might not come willingly, so get wily!
Try not to let yourself give in to your dark fears -- though you do indeed have some limitations, you know perfectly well that your friends and family are there to help you move beyond them!
You're still in a pretty good mood, but it's a little too easy for you to micromanage other people's lives -- especially kids'. You may have the best ideas, but they need to direct their own paths for now.
You don't mind change nearly as much as most other people, and today proves the rule. Something rather small is freaking out coworkers or neighbors, but you actively embrace the novelty.
Something you really need to do is still on your radar, but that doesn't mean that you have to finish it up right away. It's a good time to follow up on whatever needs to be kept up with, though.
It's not a good idea to barrel ahead with your plans today -- you need to pay close attention to what's really going on and see if you can adjust to accommodate changing circumstances.
It's all beautiful today -- your love life should be in bloom! If you're single, now is a good time to communicate with someone you find attractive, even if it's all online. Things heat up fast!
You can't rely on talent or charm today -- hard work is where it's at! If you really apply yourself, you can go far, but otherwise, you are sure to fall back and have to catch up later.
You may want more than you can reasonably get today -- so watch out for overreaching! It's a good time to solicit advice from your wiser friends to see if you can get any pearls that can help.
Fun stuff has to wait for a while -- you've got responsibilities to take care of today! Once you've dealt with them all, you ought to be able to wriggle free for some good times with pals or coworkers.
You're acting on impulse today, so much so that your mate or business partner may have to rein you in somewhat -- especially when spending is a problem! Don't fight back too hard this time.
It's a good day to review your work -- especially if it's something you can't redo. Job applications, marriage proposals and other one-shot endeavors are all easier than ever for you to get right.
Help a friend in need -- and there may be quite a few of them! It's the best possible day to score a few points by helping out with home repair or tricky social situations, because you have all the answers.
You're meeting more people than usual today, and you love it! You may run into someone you don't know well, but have met once or twice -- try to get to know them somewhat better, and you won't be sorry!
Speak from the heart today -- even more so than usual, if that's possible. You can touch people in new ways and help them understand what's going on inside you. Things can get a lot better!
No matter what you are doing today, don't worry about toeing the party line or ensuring that others can easily understand it. You just need to make sure that you're doing what's right for you!
You need to try something a little wild and crazy today -- and there are others who are just waiting to follow along! Once you start to rebel or to go astray, don't be surprised to find you've got company.
It's easier than usual for you to handle financial issues today -- especially if it's at work or involving other groups of people, like condo associations. You wear the responsibility well!
Something's not quite right -- you may need to look two or three times to discern the truth. It's one of those days when you just know that someone's not being fully forthcoming with you.
Are you waiting for word on something, or hoping to hear back from a contact? Things are moving faster than you would expect, though it may still take a little longer for word to finally get to you.
It's vital that you get your family to work together today -- if you all go about your own business in your own way, nothing important gets done. It's easier than you think to marshal the troops!
Boredom could be a real problem for you today, so try your best to stay active and keep yourself from having to make up activities or ring up people just to hear the sound of a human voice.
A wave of happiness crawls over your life today, and you should feel pretty excited about where you end up! It's one of those times when even your dark side is feeling pretty good about life!
You and your social group can go far today -- and make a real difference in your own lives -- thanks to your own positive energy. It's easy to get together and work toward common goals!
Someone -- maybe you -- pops up with a bold new idea, and it's one that should be taken seriously. Even if there are obvious flaws, you may be able to work around them or tweak the plan to avoid them.
You don't have to spend a lot to get good quality today -- in fact, you are better off going for cheap! Status doesn't matter as much to you on a day like today, except the status of the smart shopper!
You need to slow down a little bit -- things are starting to heat up, and you don't want to get caught up in this drama. If you can duck out for a few hours, or even all day, that would be for the best.
You're feeling the slight sense of boredom that comes from settling into a routine -- but don't mix things up too much quite yet! You can take advantage of it to make your life run more smoothly for a while.
You feel charged up and ready to go! No matter what's on your plate today, you should find that you've got exactly the right kind of energy to handle it and have a good time while you're at it.
Don't rush through conversations today -- let them wander around until they get where they're going. You may be surprised at the depths you reach with folks you thought weren't all that bright!
Explore creativity today -- maybe at work, maybe with family but definitely have fun! Your great personal energy should help you generate new ideas and express them artistically.
Parenting -- yours or someone else's -- is in need of some tweaking today. You may not feel up to the challenge, but that just means you need to redouble your efforts and make the most of what you've got!
You are feeling a sense of warmth that makes you wonder how you could have missed so many positive qualities in your coworkers or acquaintances for so long. The feeling doesn't last forever, but it does make you think.
Try your best to show off some adaptability today -- people are watching and interested. If you can adapt to change, you should be next in line for that promotion or other new possibility.
Let your people know how you're feeling today -- you might surprise them with a display of contentment that is rare for you! It's good for your family to see this side, so make the most of it!
Your social energy seems to come and go as it pleases, but right now, it is powering up your life! You can hardly help but make a good impression, even on those you're trying to scare away.
If you help today's big change along instead of resisting it, you should find that it works out to your advantage in a big way! Things get rolling pretty early, so make sure you're there to make the most of it.
Your common sense is kicking into high gear today, so see if you can get your friends to join you in some activity that combines thriftiness with fun -- you should have plenty of great ideas!
Avoid taking on new projects. You've got enough going on as it is, and should be able to get it all done as long as you don't add anything new to your workload. If it's unavoidable, get help fast!
Someone reminds you to take care of a big responsibility -- you may have forgotten or put it out of your mind, but now is the time to finish it up. Once it's behind you, things get a lot easier!
You need to express your inner self today -- and you are much more in touch with it than usual. Nobody can deny what you say, and you might build a new bridge that means a lot to you.
Your intellectual side is working overtime today, and you need to make sure that it's being applied in the right areas of life. It shouldn't be hard to evaluate what needs to happen and when.
You can bring something new to life today -- it's almost too easy! Your big ideas tend to percolate for a while, but right now, you can bring them to life without working yourself to death.
Get in touch with your family -- maybe your more distant relatives, if you're already tight with your immediate kin. Your mindset is just right for reunions and getting in touch with your roots.
You may feel just a wee bit out of sync with the rest of the world today, but it's still a great time to start something new. You should get rolling with it quickly, and soon you should find a huge success!
Your mood dictates quite a bit today -- so pay attention! If you're not listening, you may find yourself getting grumpier or sillier in less than appropriate situations. Keep it real and things should be fine.
Is your inbox too full? Now is a great time for you to clear it out -- deleting what you can and responding to the rest. You should feel a profound sense of accomplishment when all is said and done.
It's a perfect lazy day -- as long as you can afford to do nothing, that is! Anything essential takes nine times longer than usual, so if you can put anything off, you are much better off doing so.
Try your best to slow down when you're negotiating or even just chatting with other folks today -- it's way too easy for you to gloss over details that turn out to be crucially important.
Communication is smooth today, for you and those around you. In fact, you ought to be able to reach out to estranged friends or relatives with much greater easier than you would have expected.
Your deepest, darkest secrets don't seem all that threatening right now -- so go ahead and spill a little! You may find that you're breathing a lot easier once you see that your people are okay with your past.
It may be hard for you to figure out what the rules of the game are today -- but that doesn't mean you shouldn't play! Once you know exactly who's playing with and against you, it should make more sense.
You're tempted to skip ahead of yourself, but that could bring disaster. Make sure that you're not pushing yourself too hard -- but in a few days, you ought to be able to handle almost anything!
Let someone else take the lead socially -- you're just not feeling it. If you can get yourself to hang back and take care of personal issues (dry as they may be), you should swing back with a vengeance soon!
Now is not the time for you to try for anything special from coworkers or friends -- they are all wrapped up in their own business and can't help out. Tread water for a bit and things get much better.
Focus on appearance today -- even if it feels more superficial than usual. You can make some interesting tweaks to your look that should make you feel a lot better about yourself down deep.
It's an auspicious day for starting new projects of all kinds. Your ability to see the flaws and strengths of every issue makes it a snap to get people working together in just the right way.
Some great news comes your way today -- though it may take some analysis for you to see the positive side! Keep an open mind and let your sources open up so you can work it all out in your head.
Your energy is intensely practical today, which might be a wee bit less fun, but should help you make your life considerably more manageable. You may find that you start to move faster tomorrow!
You're feeling quite good about things right now, and ought to be able to catch small details that you might miss otherwise -- especially when it comes to romantic partners or family members.
People are holding their cards close to their chest today -- everyone except you, that is! You may have to play a guessing game to figure out what everyone is up to, but it's worth it to try.
It's the small stuff that captures your attention today -- it's all so amazing to you that you might start to wonder how you could have missed it for so long! Try not to worry too much about the past, though.
One good friend is a key player in today's drama -- which may turn into a comedy by evening! Have fun with them and make sure that you are no more serious than the situation really deserves.
Your connections are even more important than usual today -- so it's a good time to build new bridges and strengthen the ones you've already got. You should be able to make a breakthrough soon!
You need to make sure that you're not perceived as selfish today -- but it may happen, even if your motives are pure and simple! Get your friends to tell you what's going on with them and see what you can do.
You and your buddies are getting along really well today -- it's a great time to work together on joint projects or to make sure that your common plans are all in line with reality.
You and your social network are working in near-perfect sync today, so it's a great time to tackle big projects and hit parties -- anything that keeps you together and keeps the flow alive!
You find some new part of yourself blossoming -- it's remarkable and you are happier than ever with the new quality or idea. See if you can get your friends and family to help nurture it.
Someone showers you with praise, and you feel that the time is right for you to show off a little. See if you can get your friends or coworkers to support your latest ambitions -- it's not so hard!
Try to get your family to reunite online or find some other creative way to get together. Your great energy today is perfect for making connections happen that would ordinarily never manifest.
That brain of yours is a potent tool -- and today, it's sharper and handier than ever! See if you can get your friends, coworkers or anyone else nearby to brainstorm with you to figure out what comes next.
Take a second look at that possible purchase or love interest you hadn't quite liked at first -- your amazing energy helps you see the beauty in almost anyone or anything! You never know what might happen.
Try not to hold back socially -- it's easier than ever for you to make lasting connections with people who are pretty far from your usual friends and acquaintances. Everyone's got something to give.
It's harder than usual for you to understand your mate or kids -- but there's no real, deep-seated problems to worry about! Try to get your people to open up a bit more, but have patience.
You need to get in touch with the deeper, less accessible parts of your mind, Write down your dreams, pay attention to stray thoughts or look for coincidences to help guide the way.
It's like the new year, as far as you're concerned -- time to put away the old stuff and take on new resolutions! You should feel a sense of renewal by the end of the day, so relish it!
Try not to avoid the big issues today -- they certainly aren't avoiding you! It's a much better time for letting your subconscious mind wrestle with it all than for wandering away and pretending it's all good.
You need to be certain that you're looking at things in the right light today -- lots can change with a simple shift in point of view. Take the time to get all the info you need before making decisions.
You need to let your dreams sort out your problems -- even if you don't remember them, you can feel confident that you're working it all out when you see things start to improve in a few days.
You don't need to walk away from your regular day in order to have fun -- your spirits are high, and you should be able to spice up even the most mundane of tasks It's a good day for creativity.
Try to show off or make a big gesture of some kind today -- the world's energy should get behind you and help push you toward something really great! If it's seen as a big deal, you're doing it right.
Take the lead in some new project at home or at work -- your no-nonsense attitude should be nearly perfect for the task at hand. It's one of those days when sparks can lead to real fires!
Try to help someone who really needs it -- a friend, a kid or a customer. Your service should both help them and help you, and it may actually lead to something new and different in your life.
Work and financial issues are all on the table right now and you need to deal with them -- even if you feel exhausted! Your business acumen is actually starting to peak, so get ready to go for it!
Work and career issues pop up, but you can deal with them! If you're looking for some thing new or supplemental, you're in the right place at the right time, so step up and make your desires known.
You're feeling pretty hesitant over some big decision or issue in your life -- and you should definitely listen to that inner voice of caution! It may be that you need to delay things for a while.
Life is unusually intense today -- even for you! Emotions run hot, never cold, and that could mean sweet romance or a big fight brewing. The good news is that you end up just where you need to be.
Let others have their way today -- it's not so bad, and you should rack up a few favors you can cash in later. You can see that their desires are kind of small and petty, but you don't need to say anything.
Your emotional life is much more intense than usual, and while that might cause some minor troubles at work or in your daily routines, you should find that certain key insights make life more enjoyable in the long run.
Small details pop up from beneath the surface today and make you wonder what else you may have been missing. It's a great time to take a fresh look at old problems and see what has changed.
Just because you're moody, that doesn't mean you're making any mistakes or anyone close to you needs to be punished! Just dive deep into that dark place if you want to come back out any time soon!
Your intense personal energy is almost overwhelming today -- you may need to step back if friends or coworkers start to look at you sideways! You should be able to get at least one person to see things your way.
Your intellect is all riled up today, and you might find that you're much better able to absorb new info and concepts. Education is a snap for you, but so is research and investigation.
You should be able to wrangle your friends into some much more interesting configuration today -- most of them are more willing to follow orders, and your ideas are as hot as they come!
Try not to worry too much about your health -- though you may be feeling extra weird in a way that suggests you should. Get a checkup if you like, but a little stress relief may be all you need.
It's time for you to push yourself somewhat harder and go in a little deeper, no matter what you find yourself doing. It's a good time for you to get your family to really confront that one big issue.
Your deepest emotions are rising to the surface and making you wonder about what comes next for you, and maybe for your love life as well. Doubt doesn't work for you, so try to move beyond it!
Life is a little crazy for you right now, but you get a sense that it's all for the best. You may need to ride through a rough patch, but you can tell that you're up for it, even if you can't see much farther ahead.
You don't have to try to attract people (or ideas, or money, or whatever else you want). Your natural magnetic energy does all the hard work for you, so just see if you can point it in the right direction!
Decision-making is tough right now, at least for you. It's a good time to defer to others and to make sure that they have all the information they need from you. Enjoy the good spiritual vibe, too!
You're in the middle of something huge and sweet -- it might feel like you're in an action flick! Your great energy helps you swing from scene to scene with flair, so have fun with it all!
You experience a burst of great energy that should help you achieve almost anything close to your heart. A new love, a big win in business or even a quiet reconciliation are all possible.
It's a good time to bet on yourself -- you're in the right place at the right time, and ought to be able to get pretty far today! If it feels like a risk, you are almost certainly heading in the right direction.
Your emotions are much stronger than usual, which could be good or bad. If it all seems hopeless or overwhelming, try to turn it all around so you can get a fresh start sometime in the near future.
See if you can dig a little more deeply into today's big questions. You've got the right kind of energy for ferreting out clues and pursuing new leads as far as they can take you.
Try not to worry too much about the latest shenanigans at work or even at home -- you are more detached from it all than you realize, and things should start to go your way soon anyway!
Nothing too serious is going on right now -- in fact, you may decide to put off some important business for later, when you know you will be able to give it the attention it really deserves.
People are all turning your way looking for answers to their burning questions. It may be a good time for you to reflect on your deeper values so you can articulate them clearly when the time comes.
Creative power is making life much more interesting now -- so make the most of it! You should be able to work on some new project or get support for something you've always wanted to do.
You may outrage some friends or strangers today with your wild ways or your big ideas, but don't hold back! It's a great time for you to show the world that it needs your help in a big way!
You may stumble a bit at work today -- or, more likely, have second thoughts about a career choice. You shouldn't panic, as the worst thing that could come of it is a more satisfying life!
Life is a little overwhelming today, but not so much that you can't get stuff done. Try to blow off anyone or anything that's too much trouble, but expect a bit more stress than usual.
Try not to get too worked up over anything that goes wrong today -- you can take care of it quickly and move on. You may stumble onto something big and cool and kind of crazy in your adventures.
Your big heart is making life better for everyone around you -- and that includes you! It's a great time for you to add new people to the family, help others out at work or just smile at strangers on the street.
Your creative powers are dominant today, and you can easily wow clients or friends with your big ideas. It's a great time for you to push the boundaries and get outside of your usual thinking.
Nobody has infinite patience -- though you do sometimes feel as if people expect you to approach that level! Today, you need to do your best to stay open to people's weirdness, but it won't last forever.
You're generally quite organized -- so much so that you may be the butt of jokes. Today, though, you feel a step out of sync with your life, and it may get quite frustrating before you settle back into it.
You're not so sure that things are supposed to be going the way they're going -- in particular, you're pretty sure that you're not supposed to be the center of attention. Redirect it to someone more appropriate.
Your passions are aroused -- though they may not be directed toward romance. Expect some person or project to fascinate you in a new way, and to take a sudden turn of some kind soon.
It's a good day for really listening to others, and for moving beyond your initial skepticism. Take a chance and place your faith in an idea that seems crazy on its face -- it's good for the soul!
You are the perfect impartial judge today, though some may find that hard to believe. Fairness is important to you even on off days, but right now, you are so scrupulous you surprise even yourself!
Your feelings are all over the place right now, but that doesn't mean you can just inflict them on anyone who's nearby. If you've got someone to talk to, ring them up and lay it all out.
You don't mind changes so much, though you're also usually not one to bring them on personally. Now is a good time to end a bad habit or otherwise make a positive change in your life.
Something or someone is slowing your progress, and while that can be incredibly frustrating for now, you should look back on it fondly, or at least see how important it was at the time.
You need to be more careful in work and business-related matters for the time being -- though you may not feel up for it. You may want to pursue other interests, but a balance is better for you.
Now is an excellent time to look for a new job or a new love -- people are much more inclined to see you in a positive light, and you can practically guarantee good results if you make the effort.
Coworkers or neighbors seem to think they've got more going on than they really do, but that doesn't mean they don't bite when provoked! Try to let them play out their power games on their own.
Take life a little more slowly today -- rushing doesn't work for you just now! If you can just relax and put off big projects for a little while, you should be able to recharge and get more out of life.
Someone's after something of yours, and while it should be pretty easy to shut them down, you have to see what's going on first. Take a good look and don't be afraid to be a little paranoid!
Self-reflection isn't one of your favorite hobbies, but today is a great time to get some new insights into who you are and what you do. Look in the mirror and soak up a few clues.
Financial issues are affecting almost everyone right now -- but you've got the mojo to do something about your own situation! It may take some seriously bold action, but you can do it.
You're caught between your desire to rush ahead of your current situation and your deep awareness of your own limitations. Try to get real and slog through the day -- things should get a lot better soon!
You should make amazing progress on whatever you set your mind to today -- it's easier than you realize! It's a good time for you to set yourself on autopilot and dream up new schemes for later.
Your social energy is quite strong now, and you are at your best working closely with equals. That could mean your mate or your coworkers, but if you get busy, you can accomplish anything!
You may be saying more than you realize -- body language, facial expressions and more are giving away the game! There's good news, though: You should get positive response to all messages.
Today is perfect for tackling new challenges and making sure that you're feeling good about where you're headed. You should make good progress, so you need to make sure it's what you really want.
Try to help out at work or at home -- in ways that no one expects! If you pop up unannounced with completed paperwork or a newly cleaned bathroom to your credit, you should win big praise.
It's hard to resist the urge to buy new stuff today, even if you don't need it or can't quite afford it. If you keep your mate or best friend nearby, they might be able to help you walk away.
Try not to worry too much about whether you're right or wrong -- later today, you should know for sure and be able to work magic (almost literally) thanks to your new sense of righteousness.
Let yourself go today -- you need to free yourself from thinking like the herd. Your amazing mental energy should help you find a new direction to move in, and others follow right along.
You should focus on your love life, if at all possible, because your great energy is perfect for getting closer to your mate or your newest crush. It's harder than ever to resist your charms!
A good friend -- maybe one you haven't heard from in a while -- affirms their feelings today, maybe in spectacular fashion! It's a good time to check around and see if your people need you.
Take a stand on the side of caution -- you know that this isn't the time for risk-taking. If you ease into new situations and plans, things should go about as well as can be expected.
You don't like saying 'no' to everything, but today, people are busting out with all kinds of dumb ideas! Try to be as nice as you can while you let them know that things aren't how they think they are.
Try not to worry too much about whether or not you're working toward the right goals -- your sense of idealism should be strong enough to carry you through wherever you need to go.
Someone proposes a closer relationship -- though it may be quite far from romance! You should see if you can get more of your people to sign on, as there is definitely power in numbers today.
Your plans need to be a bit more flexible than usual today, or they're sure to go awry. If you can adapt yourself to changing circumstances, you are sure to find yourself on the right end of someone's temper.
Your friends and family are all trying to get you to do various favors for them -- but you've only got so much time in one day! You should try to prioritize, but you still have to say no a lot.
Someone close to you completely drops the ball and fails to understand you when you are plainly joking -- awkward! You may need to apologize for something that really isn't worth it.
Your creative energy is stronger than ever now, and you should find new ways to make your life more interesting and appealing if you take the time to explore all your big, crazy ideas.
Today brings a big shift in thinking or in the way you live your life -- and it's almost certainly positive! You should find that you're better able to cope with changing circumstances that are on the way.
It's not time to deliberate or hesitate -- you need to act right away! It's one of those days when you ought to find that your snap judgments are even more right on than usual, so go for it.
You don't have to try to have fun today -- it just happens! No matter what you're doing or where you are, you should find someone willing to play along and help you ease any tension there may be.
Praise comes your way and it almost feels over the top, but you can tell it's heartfelt. Accept it with grace and you should find that people are more willing to heap it on in the future!
It's a good time for some education or other personal development. You still have plenty of unmet potential, and should start to move in a new direction soon, if only to avoid stagnation.
You can afford to take a little risk today -- maybe emotionally, maybe financially. Even if it doesn't pay off, you should at least learn something quite valuable about how you interact with your surroundings.
An authority figure demands more respect than you are willing to give, but you may still be able to placate them. It's a delicate balancing act, but you should be able to outlast them.
You and your inner overachiever are in perfect sync today, and it's easier than ever for you to climb the ladder of success. You feel much more driven than usual, which says a lot!
You may feel a little off-balance today, thanks to a gap between your feelings about yourself and the reactions you get from others. Try not to worry about it -- they should come to their senses pretty soon!
Express your uniqueness by any means necessary today -- you've got to let it out! You're still riding high from some recent sweet events, and ought to be able to raise a few eyebrows.
You are feeling much more in touch with the natural world, and your great energy should lend itself to hiking, gardening or any other activity that permits you to interact with nature in some way.
It's probably better for you to focus on personal, creative projects, rather than looking outward. Your good energy can turn into pure criticism without warning, so try to avoid the temptation.
You can count on everyone to pull their weight today -- or to pick up the slack if someone does decide to slow down. Your great energy ensures that your plans come together flawlessly!
Step up and see if you can make a real difference today -- don't think too hard about it! Your actions should speak much louder than your words, so try not to stand still for very long!
Today is perfect for checking out new restaurants, exploring new career opportunities and otherwise searching for more interesting ways to live your life. You might start off on something totally new!
A friend pops up from out of nowhere and offers help you didn't know you needed. It's a very good sign, so go with it and see if you can invest more of yourself in that person, project or idea.
Your social energy is a bit quieter than usual today -- while you're no hermit, you'd rather deal with people on your own terms. Invite over a few folks and enjoy some conversation together.
You and your coworkers or neighbors are having a wee showdown, and your willpower should prove triumphant. It's a really good time for you to take charge of some new project or plan.
You're getting help from someone unexpected today -- in fact, if you don't look closely, you might not even realize that things are easier for you! If you can figure it out, send thanks soon.
Jump at today's big chance -- you can make almost anything happen, if you are willing to drop what you're doing and act! It may startle those around you, but you know it's all for the best.
Let your natural enthusiasm carry you away today, even if you raise a few eyebrows. There's no shame in feeling great about your life, your plans or something even bigger -- go for it!
There's no way to get around it -- you've got to speak directly today! It's a good time for you to reach out to new people or show folks how they're wrong without treating them like children.
It's a great time for you to get your personal life settled -- you are feeling grounded and able to handle almost any level of emotional processing. Talk with your mate, call your parents or just enjoy what you've got.
Try to let a little romance color your day -- it may be easy or hard, but it's well worth the trouble. Your great energy should make you ten times as appealing to your mate or that online hottie.
Sometimes -- like today -- you feel as if you don't deserve what you've got, but you need to let go of that bad energy. Dare yourself to take a little more and see how it all works out for you.
Don't push too hard today -- you've got to keep it mellow if you want to get anything done. You may find that simple tasks become much more difficult the longer you spend on them, so take breaks!
You need to deal with someone from your past today -- maybe a relative, but more likely an ex or someone you used to work with. They're not making it easy for you, but you can deal.
New rules interfere with your daily activities in a way that feels intolerable -- at first. You are the master of creative solutions, though, so you should find a loophole or workaround before much longer.
Your cultural side is active today, and you're more in tune with art and music than usual. It's a good time to look for hidden meanings in your favorite works and to seek out new creators to admire.
It's one of those days when you can really get yourself oriented in a good direction and get things done. No matter what you're doing, it should flow easily and make life considerably sweeter
Surprise yourself and your friends or coworkers by shaking loose of your routines and having fun, no matter where you are or what you're doing. A little song and dance never hurt anyone!
Your good energy is still chugging along, and someone offers up some much deserved praise -- it's about time! You might keep pushing toward something even bigger, or you may want to coast for a while.
Someone unexpectedly starts bossing you around this morning, and while you may need to go along with them for now, make sure that this doesn't turn into an ongoing feature of your relationship!
You run into a minor problem that seems to keep you from your destination or goal, but you may be able to work around it. Limitations don't have to be troubling, though -- you can handle this one.
You might spend most of the day flailing -- but if you stop work and get organized, even if it takes hours, you should fly through your tasks in short order afterward. Invest the time and energy!
You're out on the extremes of your emotional life today, which could be great or terrible for you. The good news is that things settle down soon -- it'd be hard to stay sane under conditions like this!
Hang back a bit and let others squawk and engage in petty mind games -- while they tire each other out, you're positioning yourself for a quick coup! Things should shift dramatically quite soon.
Try to reach out today -- it's easier than usual to get help from coworkers and friends. Sometimes it's easy to forget that you need to work as part of a team, even on projects that seem tiny.
You don't have to be a manager or parent to get others to do your bidding -- you have all sorts of tricks up your sleeve! You may need someone's approval or buy-in before you can proceed.
You are dead certain about what you want to see happen today -- maybe something fun, maybe a career move. It's nice to not have to second-guess yourself, and it should help you achieve your goal.
You're making the most of your communication skills today, and even if you don't mean to do so, you should impress the right people. You don't have to think about it very hard to get it done right.
You and at least one friend or coworker are locking horns over an issue that nobody else seems to get. There's a lot more going on under the surface than they can recognize, though.
It's time to try something different at home or at work when organizing tasks. It may be a tech solution or just a new way of approaching your work, but it should work wonders right away!
Money flows in and out of your life, just as usual, but right now you are much more keenly aware of every last dime. It may be a good time for you to rethink your budget or income.
Your smarts are incredibly helpful today -- for everyone around you! It's a good time to share ideas and see if you can help with those who feel stuck. It's not that hard, and you should find it exhilarating.
You need to stretch your wings and really take off today -- have fun wherever you go! Even relatively stressful events can be made lighter, thanks to your positive energy and high spirits.
You can skate through the day easily -- your great energy helps you make the most of every moment! You may be able to squeeze in a month's worth of projects into a few hours, so go for it!
You're feeling a little bent out of shape over some financial issue that hasn't materialized to your liking, but there's no easy solution. Just keep working at it until you start to make progress again.
You need to deal with some home repair or neighbor problem today, even if you'd rather do anything else. The good news is that you can focus more completely on this one issue than usual, so go for it!
You are an important part of the team today, no matter what's going on. Make sure that your voice is heard and that everyone feels satisfied with all progress before moving forward.
You take one step closer to achieving a dream of yours -- in fact, it may be the final step! You're definitely feeling the need for speed, and ought to be able to slingshot even further ahead!
You rightfully take pride in your work or family today -- it may be something big! Of course, you need to moderate it in order to avoid the appearance of egotism, which is a no-no today.
Now is a good item to make new friends and approach potential employers -- people are ready to see you in the most positive light! It all makes sense, so see if you can get closer to your dreams.
You need to stand by your values today, even if that makes you look like a stick in the mud. You just won't feel comfortable unless you do what's right, so get ready for a struggle.
This isn't the best day to stick to your routines, as safe and familiar as they may feel. You're much better off dealing with new customers, meeting new people or trying out new schemes.
Today is perfect for entering into new financial arrangements -- but, of course, not all of them are created equal! Use that judgment you're so famous for to pick the best plan for you or your family.
You've got an opportunity to make your ideals sync up with your real life -- it could be through volunteer work, or maybe your home life is starting to take a seriously positive shift.
Try not to worry too much about whether or not you're saying or doing the right things -- you're in the flow! Your love life should get a serious bump, so expect great things to come in that arena.
You can't stand stagnation -- and right now, you're in the best possible position to make a change! See if you can get your coworkers or family members to hear you out. It's simpler than ever!
An argument erupts in what should be a friendly meeting or chat -- people feel much more defensive about their ideas than usual! You may need to play mediator, so put on a big smile!
Your family life may get a bit wobbly today, as everyone close to you seems to want more from you than usual. No one can compromise, so you may have to duck out for a while until it blows over.
You're feeling extra helpful today, and your friends should be extra grateful! You may just pop over with a surprise gift, or maybe you've got big plans to make their lives easier for a while.
Lay out your ambitions so they make sense to you -- it's definitely time for you to advance! It may be easier than you think, thanks to some great mental energy and a little good luck.
Little arguments can turn into big fights today, because most people are primed and ready to go when challenged. If you can avoid starting anything you might end up outpacing the competition.
You are having some troubles getting your energy focused today, in part because you still need to recharge your batteries. It's a good time for you to focus on one small task at a time.
Spend some of that positive social energy with your good friends -- even if they're all distant. Online contacts are easier to reach, and you may make a few new connections without trying very hard.
Reserve your criticisms for yourself today -- nobody else can take them! Sensitivity is running high just now, but you can focus on your own needs if you want to make any improvements.
Your ability to express yourself is quite powerful right now, so make the most of it! Write a love note to your sweetie, polish your resume or find a new way to sell your company's services.
You and your coworkers are having some differences -- but they may work out to your advantage! It's a really good time for you to see if you can take a few more steps in a new direction.
Schedules are no help to you today, because there are constant interruptions and other freaky bushiness going down at all hours. You just need to roll with it as best you can and hope for a break!
Keep hunting for a deal if you need to make any purchases today -- you've got to save as much as you can! It's not that there's a major calamity coming, but it's a good idea to rein in the budget now.
You can't seem to stay focused on any one project -- but what does that matter? You can still get a fair amount of work done, even if brainstorming and free association are what you'd rather be doing.
Does your love life need a little boost? It's coming today, whether or not you're ready for it. Maybe a new coworker flirts with you, maybe your mate talks you into taking off together somewhere nice.
You're as ambitious as anyone else -- but sometimes you need to take your time to make sure you're on the right path. Pay attention to your dreams tonight, as they should tell you for sure.
You're facing something more serious than you may be used to -- but don't let that get you down! It may just be time for you to step up your game and make sure you're using all your energy.
You and your people need to hang onto your money -- no get-rich-quick schemes today! In fact, you may want to avoid any purchases, while you're at it, at least until you feel more secure.
It's not the best time to take on big projects -- you've got to deal with one thing at a time, and that might not work for some tasks. It's a better day for puttering and taking care of maintenance.
Unload on a friend -- they need to hear what's really going on with you, and they're likely able to help you in ways you haven't thought of yet. Things can work out well if you open up to them.
Your mate needs your attention -- or, if you're single, you may need to deal with a child, parent or someone else who's close to your heart. It's a good time to practice relating in a healthy fashion.
Surprise the competition with a little end-run around their big scheme. You have way more flexibility than they do right now, and the means to pull off almost any creative plan or idea.
Someone important doesn't get you today, and that can be incredibly frustrating. Communication is important to you, but sometimes you have to let go and wait for a better time to talk.
Your ability to multitask is tested throughout the day, as you have to deal with competing priorities and multiple requests for assistance. You can do it, but you'll need some serious rest soon!
Don't rely on any official sources of info just now, especially as far as finance is concerned. No one is lying to you, but it's a fair bet that most info you get is a little too much out of date.
You're filled with good energy today, and can make the most of it later on. Try to instill some hope in friends and family -- your belief should make it easier than usual for them to open up.
Your creative powers are peaking, and you can get glimpses into the deepest and most interesting parts of your psyche. Make some art, write a mash note to your sweetie or just enjoy the good ideas.
Try to make sure that you're surrounded by friends or family today -- or at least interacting with them by hook or by crook! Your amazing energy is sure to be much needed and most welcome!
Stay away from any new or life-changing business today -- save them for next week! You need to just keep rolling with what you've got, even if you're starting to get a little bored with it all.
Listen carefully to your instincts today -- they may not be omniscient, but they can help nudge you in the right direction. See if you can get your friends to give you the inside skinny to help even more.
Be careful about losing valuables or misplacing passwords -- you've got your mind elsewhere. If you're dealing with anything of importance, you need to make sure that you're aware of it.
Try not to hold back today -- all of the most important people in your world are on your side. You may be surprised at how it all shakes out later today, but in retrospect, it all makes sense.
Expect to do a lot of waiting today -- bring a book or something equally entertaining. It's not that people aren't respectful of your time, it's just that they can't seem to get a handle on their own.
You need to make sure that you're focused today -- but it's not that hard. The only hitch may be that others nearby are all scattered and in need of your assistance, but you can handle them with ease.
Change is in the air now, and while you can't control it, you can help to guide it in the right direction. See if you can make a few dreams come true -- it's easier than you'd think right now!
Everyone seems to know what's best for you -- yet they can't seem to agree! It's a good time for you to look at every side of every important question, though that should get a bit overwhelming for the moment.
Don't overextend yourself today, though it may be hard to avoid the temptation. You need to settle down and let yourself think through every option before choosing one definitively.
Let your imagination wander freely today -- your creative side is much more active, and you may bust out with a few new answers that nobody could have seen yesterday. Don't back down!
Today is perfect for dreaming up ideas for later projects -- or for embarking on new journeys, if you've got the time and resources! Your great emotional energy is a huge asset to you.
Try to look within to see if you can work up the good energy needed to deal with today's situation. Most likely you can, as you are tapped into a deep reservoir that seems almost limitless!
It's way too easy for you to get a little frustrated with your friends or coworkers -- none of them seem to know what time it is! There's no way to fill them in, so wait them out for now.
Not everything that seems great really is great -- but you knew that already! You may need to take even longer to come to that final decision that it seems like everyone you know is waiting for.
You're full of great energy today -- and so are at least a few of your friends! It's a really great time for having fun and getting started in new directions, so see if you can lead the gang onward!
This is not the best time to make major purchases -- you are almost certain to get a better deal if you wait a little longer. Of course, some things can't wait, so do your best and slow down in that case.
You know what needs to be done today, even if getting it all out of the way is rather mysterious. See if you can recruit a few friends to help out -- they might not have the same sense of purpose as you!
You've got to choose between your personal life and your career (however you define that term) today, but fortunately it's not a permanent situation. Expect disappointment from someone.
Something ends well for you today -- maybe a plan comes together, maybe you get the job or maybe your crush agrees to go out with you. It should get even better from here on out, so think big!
This is not an auspicious time for you to ask for a raise at work -- or any kind of indulgence from friends or family, either! It's not that you don't deserve it, it's just that nobody can afford it.
It's somewhat harder than usual for you to deal with coworkers -- or even family members! It's just a temporary glitch, so try not to read too much into it just yet. Things get better soon!
You are much better off working on your own today, no matter what you are trying to do. It's not that you can't get along with others, though -- they are just all doing things their own way without compromise!
Some small issue is having a disproportionately large effect on your mood, and you may need to take some time off to deal with it. The good news is that it may be transformative and ultimately positive.
Your help is vital to making sure that a new work or home project gets off the ground. You should be able to provide much more than usual, surprising and pleasing at least one key player.
You need to use all that great energy that is flowing through you right now! Planning time is over -- it's time to act, and act quickly! You should be having fun, or something needs to give.
You need to get educated about a new subject today -- one that should excite you! Formal or informal, advanced or beginner, you should find that it's easier than ever to pick up new information.
Your ability to keep up with even the quickest of wits is sharp right now, and you ought to be able to make a good impression no matter where you find yourself. It's a good day for a party!
You're not looking to gain from today's activities -- well, not much, anyway! Your selfless attitude is welcome almost wherever you go, though you should try to avoid letting others exploit you.
You can pick up almost anything today -- as long as you keep your intuitive channels open! You're better at absorbing than analyzing for the moment, and should learn quite a bit while you're at it.
Look around and see what's out there -- you've got plenty of great energy, and should be able to track down some new people or places that are more exciting than what you've been dealing with lately.
You're having too much fun to be getting this much out of life! It may seem as if you're back in school -- only it's all recess and fun activities, with no rote memorization or pop quizzes!
You may be productive today, but that doesn't mean you're not having fun, too! Somehow, your great energy inspires great things in almost everyone around you, so it's time to get in the middle of things.
It's not quite time for you to make that big decision -- you need to explore a few more options first. Of course, if someone is breathing down your neck, you may not feel the same drive to shop around.
Even if it's a slow day for others, you feel energized and ready for almost anything! It's a really good day for you to impress people and make serious progress on your various projects.
You should get a sign of some kind pointing you backward in time -- maybe pretty far back! You may want to investigate your heritage to see if you can come up with anything interesting.
Try your best to listen carefully to what your friends are telling you -- especially the messages that are coming at you subliminally. You can absorb and reflect them without too much mental effort!
Today is all about your relationships -- not just romance, though! You need to focus on building bridges between yourself and anyone in your life you consider important. It's easier than you think.
You really need to push your brain today -- you're capable of great things! New ideas are flooding your mind so it may be wise for you to step back and see if you can get some help organizing them.
Today is perfect for reviewing the past and trying to make plans for the future based on that info. You ought to be able to come up with at least a few really hot new ideas that should work wonders!
Someone close to you needs help, though they may not know it yet. See if you can figure out the situation before things get weird -- if you prevent a problem, that's twice as good as fixing it.
You don't have to commit yourself to one course of action today -- though there is certainly pressure to do just that! Keep an open mind and don't be afraid to engage in a little ambiguity.
You're dealing with financial issues today, whether you like it or not. Maybe the global economy is touching your life, or maybe you just need to make a major purchase, but you can manage it.
You should try to focus on your work today -- or, better still, your career as a whole. It's a really great time for you to make connections and to get folks to help you brainstorm new ideas.
Try not to let any emails or phone calls go unanswered today -- your communication skills are hot, but they have to be used to do you any good! Putting it all off only makes things worse.
You're in the right place at the right time for a big break -- so get ready for a change! It shouldn't be too extravagant, and you ought to be able to integrate it into your life with ease.
You're much closer to someone today -- or maybe to a group of people! It's a good time to work together on big projects, or to make plans that assume this same kind of bond in the future.
Let your mind open up a bit -- you are due for a blast of creative energy, and ought to be able to focus it in any way you like once it starts. If you need to get something done, make it soon!
A distant friend reaches out, though the message may take some time to reach you. It's a good time for you to review your mental contact list and get in touch with anyone who's been waiting long.
Try to negotiate a compromise between your coworkers or family members -- though it may be tricky! It's a good time for you to flex your diplomatic muscles, and things could get really interesting.
Your focus drifts from yourself to others -- possibly to the world as a whole! Your great mental energy should help you figure out some new way to make a real difference in others' lives.
Try to take it easy at work or in your dealings with others today -- greater care pays off in a big way! It may just be simple politeness, or you may have to deal with something unusual.
The last straw is laid on your back today, probably late in the afternoon, and you need either a big break or some serious assistance! It may be a good time for you to rethink some part of your life.
Try not to let anything slide today. That doesn't mean you need to get in anyone's face, but it does mean that if you leave messages unanswered, you are likely to have to work extra hard as a result.
You can't get anywhere without opening up at least a little today -- secrets aren't helpful at all! In fact, the more you close up, the more likely others are to turn away from you for the time being.
Don't let anyone push you aside -- you've got to see this situation out to its conclusion. It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that you're doing your best to get things done.
See if you can push yourself even harder today -- you can make amazing progress! Others might be worried about your pace, but you know full well that you'll take a rest later on.
You know what has to be done, even if you don't necessarily like it. Your relentless logic shows you your only option, and you know well enough to take it quickly, before things get even weirder.
Don't take it personally when someone close walks away in the middle of a conversation or otherwise seems to dis you -- they don't mean anything by it! Today is just hard for in-depth communication.
Communication is your specialty, and today you can feel the energy flow through you! It's a great time to make new friends, open up to loved ones and write the Tweet that shakes the world!
Today is great for brainy pursuits -- you may want to work some puzzles, throw down some crazy paperwork or just read up on some obscure subject you just got interested in recently.
Your love life starts to really sizzle! You may need to get someone to step up and try to do something a little different in order to give you the time you need, but your social skills are off the hook!
You need to let yourself hash things out on the inside before you deal with real life -- have a nice, long chat with yourself before you decide what you need to do next. It's liberating!
It's a good time to inspect details carefully -- you've got more going on than you realize! It's one of those days when you know that you're in the right place when you see things start to go wrong.
You are not in the best position to make a big move, so see if you can get your people to help you stay put. That could be a major undertaking, but not nearly as much trouble as the move!
Try to take a giant step back from today's problem and see if you can get your friends or coworkers to help you size up your latest obstacle. It isn't nearly as ominous as it appears at first glance!
You feel incredibly attractive -- and you aren't the only one who thinks so! If you're coupled, expect some extra sweetness from your mate, but if not, your single days may soon be over!
Get in touch with your parents or some other relatives you feel close to -- now is a great time to reconnect! You may find that you've got more to say than you would have thought, so go for it!
Your great interpersonal energy is perfect for meeting new people and really getting to know them. Use that intuition that you're so famous for to read them and don't forget to open up yourself!
You need to make sure that you're really dealing with any relationship issues that are bubbling up today. Avoiding them is guaranteed to make them worse, but your openness is reassuring.
Try to really reach out to that one important person who seems to be pulling away -- you can at least slow them down! It's a really good time to be totally honest and let them know how you feel.
You may feel somewhat weighed down by your possessions, but now is a good time for you to see about getting out from under. A garage sale or eBay-fest is perfect for cleaning house!
You should be able to deal with these crazy emotions if you can just sit down with someone close and talk. If it comes to it, email or blogging works, but you'd rather get some face time.
If you need a little romance in your life, go about it somewhat differently. Focus on common interests and then build up from there -- you don't need a lightning strike, you need a flood!
Let yourself lose it a little today -- get mad, get crazy or just get noticed! A little show of wildness should make a big difference when it comes to dealing with the others in your life.
Try to wrap your head around some new idea or concept that is making its way through your world -- it's easier than you'd think! Your mental energy can absorb almost anything, of any size.
Show your partner what they mean to you -- or start wooing someone, if you're single! Your amazing energy is a sure hit with the right person, so go forth with confidence and you can't go wrong!
See if you can get your people to slow down a little today, even though most of them -- yourself included -- are feeling somewhat antsy. It's time to exercise patience and restraint.
It's so easy to get people to see your point of view that you might almost refrain -- it feels like cheating! If you really need to swing things, though, you know just what to do about it.
Try to shift your mind back a few years or more -- you've got to reconcile yourself with some earlier events. It's the best possible time for you to put your past, present and future in order.
Throw a party tonight -- it can be totally spontaneous and still a hit! Even if it's just a few close friends for dinner, you can feel the good energy drawing you all closer together with ease.
Not all new ideas are bad ones -- you need to make a big show out of hearing someone out. It may just lead to something new and big and exciting, so let go of your doubts for one day.
If you're single, now is a great time to turn heads. If you're coupled, you may want to spend some quiet time with your partner, as the odds are good that you should be in the zone together.
Something that seemed impossible just yesterday (or a while ago) turns out to be incredibly easy -- you weren't looking at it right! Once that's settled, it's time to move on to the next challenge.
Use your social energy to start spreading more of the truth about you and your life out in the world -- there's enough rumors to throw some folks off-balance! It's easy to get back to normal, though.
It's the perfect day for you to see about getting your bills and paperwork in order -- even if you have a pile that rivals a landfill! Your attention to detail is quite strong right now, so go for it.
You're possessed of a quiet intensity that locks onto a few other people and binds you all together. It's a great day to be part of your family, however you define that term, so embrace the right people.
You and your friends are all in step with each other, and it's easier than ever for you to talk about the deep stuff. It's a really good day for you to get them to let you in on their secrets, whatever they may be.
Try your best to get your coworkers or friends organized -- even if that seems to be a hopeless tasks! You can't say you didn't try, and you might just provoke them into doing the right thing!
There's not a whole lot going on under the surface today -- at least, not as far as you're concerned! What you see is what you get, so go ahead and tackle the issues that matter most.
You're feeling pretty good about money, but you want to feel even better. The difference with you is that you're feeling pretty sure you can actually do something about it, go for it!
At least one major interruption -- or distraction, at least -- pops up midday and might throw off your schedule for the week. It's not so bad that you need to start over, but it's annoying.
Your heart might skip a few beats -- for good or ill -- when things really start to happen today. Your emotional nature is a bit beyond your control, but of course that is usually for the best.
You need to get in touch with your twin -- literally if you do have one, and spiritually if not. Your amazing energy should help you find even closer connections than you thought could exist.
Now is a great time for you to make a play for something (or someone) you want. Your desires are almost magic on a day like today, and you should be able to get closer than ever before.
You're in charge of your love life today, no matter how it's been going lately. Say hey to someone new, tell your sweetie how it's going to be or just kick back and enjoy your time together.
You and your heart are a little out of step -- though not literally, thank goodness! You just need to wait a little while for your emotions to realign themselves and then you'll be where you need to be.
You're in an interesting mood today, and should be a bit quieter and more reserved than usual. That could mean that you let others have center stage, or that you find a way to get some work done!
Don't worry too much about your social situation today -- just because you feel a little mismatched, that doesn't mean that you're doomed! Sometimes you're just better off going solo for a bit.
Try not to eat alone -- your mindset is much more in tune with the ancient ways of communal feasting, which can be a little tough to realize these days. You don't need to kill a mammoth to feel good, though!
It may be that your family is scattered, but do what you can to reel them back together, at least for a short time. Your great social energy is best spent on working with your immediate relatives.
You need to deal with something that might be pretty big -- but the good news is that you can wrap your mind around it without too much trouble! It's a good day for you to move ahead.
Do you need to rein in spending? You're not the only one, of course, but you do have the right kind of mindset right now to get ruthless with your budget and make life better for the long run.
You're having a surprisingly hard time dealing with the fierce emotions rolling over you and those close to you today. You may need to call for a time-out, or just ride it out -- it doesn't last long!
Things don't seem to go your way today, but you can get help if you ask nicely. At least one close friend or family member is standing ready to help, but they need to be activated by you.
Focus on your own needs -- your people can wait for one day! You ought to be able to fix things up so they're nearly perfect -- but not so much that you might get bored in the future!
Your intuitive powers are stronger than ever, so take a moment to get a read on that mystery -- you might not figure it all out at once, but the odds are good that things make more sense soon.
Your life is much more fun than usual, so enjoy! You're filled with great emotional energy, and it's a safe bet that you can inspire your friends and family to join you in the good times.
Pay closer attention to your family and its needs today -- you may need to have a sit-down with someone close or try to adjust your behavior in accord with recent events. It's not so hard!
Now is a good time for you to get your friends to see how awesome they are. Give them even more credit than they deserve -- everything you give should come back to you with interest later!
You may need to do things your own way, as your unique energy is vibrating at a different frequency than most others'. You don't mind working alone sometimes, but things should change pretty soon.
You need to fight back today -- though it may cost you a fair amount! Don't worry too much about how it's all going to go down. As long as you know you're right, there's little else you can do!
Try to let others take care of their own business in their own way -- even though your suggestions could save them lots of time or energy. Sometimes you have to just walk away from imperfection.
You're having a hard time dealing with something that should be totally routine. You may need to take a pass and wait for a better time -- one should be coming up really soon -- or you may have to deal now.
Your big brain makes today better than you expected -- others are in tune with your big ideas, and at least a few people are willing to sit down and brainstorm some new hot ideas for future use.
You need to lean on your friends today -- though they don't mind at all! It's a really good time for you to bond with them and get the support you need. You're more or less family, after all!
Reach out to someone new and see if you can get them to join you in formulating a grand compromise with neighbors or colleagues. You need to play the diplomat, and could score a big success!
See if you can get your friends to watch your back as you go on that shopping spree or whatever other big, crazy plan you've cooked up. You may need a little support if you tire yourself out!
Expect to run into something somewhat more challenging than you had expected today -- but you can at least push back until you reach a stalemate. Things should get a lot better in the near future.
You need to deal with a minor health problem -- but it makes you think about larger issues. Now is a really good time for you to deal with anything serious and potentially life-changing!
Has someone new caught your eye -- or has your partner caught your eye in a new way? It feels as if you're living in the last part of a romantic comedy, with all the weirdness behind you and nothing but fun ahead.
You knock another one right out of the park -- it's definitely your day to shine! If you're not feeling up to that much, think again, because your great energy guarantees some kind of success.
You should scratch that travel itch soon -- today, if possible! You may only be able to scope out locations and make arrangements, but your energy is perfect for all things related to travel now.
Relax a little and try to let others have their fun. If you scold too much on a day like today, you're sure to just lose their attention and have to start over. Sometimes you need to just smile and nod.
Have you ever had one of those days when it feels as if you accidentally scheduled yourself a week's worth of activities? That can be rough, but you're the right person to tackle it all!
Work issues pop up, no matter how insulated you think you are, and you have to play politics against your will. The good news is that you're not the only one having to play the game.
Your opinions really matter today -- much more so than usual! Make sure that you're speaking up and letting folks hear them out. You should be able to reach a few new people if you go for it.
At least one of your fondest hopes comes to pass today, setting you up for even better things ahead. You may want to jump on it immediately, but there's no harm in stopping to savor it.
You're caught in a big struggle, and while you may feel like a bit player at the moment, the decisions you make today should have profound implications for the future, so do what you think is right.
Follow up on that hot impulse that pops up fairly early today, even if it seems utterly mad. You need a little madness in your life, though not so much that you require medication or a short rest.
It's a good time to let the boss have their way -- if you protest too loudly, you may end up having to help bring their weird schemes to life. Raise your voice some next time, and you should see better results.
Your friends or family may be all scattered and unhappy, but the last thing they need is advice! You need to stand back and let them fail or suffer for the time being, then swoop in to save them later.
You're more playful than usual -- which is saying something! Your great, creative energy is bombarding everyone with hot ideas and amazing games that make life feel like it should feel.
It's a good time for you to see if you can pull off that big performance -- your energy is just right for it! You might be interviewing for a job or singing karaoke, but it should give you quite a rush!
It's one of those days when you really ought to think about treating yourself better. Buy something nice, ask for more from the boss or just take the day off and do whatever you want to do!
Just let yourself slide into your routines -- they can really help you move today! It may get a little boring at some point, but it's worth it if you don't have to work overtime or catch up.
Even if you're dreading it, you need to face those financial issues today. Your mental energy is just right for them, so there's no need to worry about how you'll manage. Go for it!
You're having a really hard time dealing with authority today -- maybe the boss, maybe the government or maybe your mate. One way or another, you need to reconcile your feelings with reality!
Try to have fun with your workload today -- it's easier than you think! Your amazing energy helps you get in the flow and move forward with more speed than you would have imagined possible.
You're scoring way more points than you had thought possible -- maybe literally, or maybe at work or at home. Someone important is extremely impressed with your performance, and rightly so.
You're at your best when you're planning today -- setting yourself up for future success! Use that great mental energy to move forward with something really spectacular and life-changing.
Don't feel too disappointed if your closest family members misread you today -- it's just par for the course! Every now and then, you find yourself crossing lines, and it's not a sign of anything traumatic.
You need to use those powers of perception to see if you can dig up any new clues -- it's not so hard for you! It may not be the best time to act on your new knowledge, but you can bide your time.
You need to be extra careful when dealing with coworkers or others who might have some impact on your career. It's not that you're likely to insult them, but they are more sensitive to details.
You may take things a bit more seriously than usual today, but that's no cause for alarm. Just see if you can stick with people you know and trust, as others may tip you over the edge toward frustration.
Your heart is leading the way today, no matter how much your brain has to say! It's a good time to address romantic concerns or other matters that are harder to understand logically.
You've got more on the table than you realize today -- so get on it! You may need to scramble to get some help from friends or coworkers, but your ambitions are closer than you realize.
Your minor responsibilities are adding up and you need to make sure that you're taking care of them before your pile turns into a crisis! It's easier than usual to complete small tasks.
This isn't the day for you to experiment with your social life or to try bold new projects -- you need to slow down! Your ability to handle small tasks is heightened, too, so polish off that paperwork.
Try not to get too far ahead of the competition today -- if you're too much of an outlier, you're likely to suffer more than your fair share of unexpected troubles, especially right now!
Your playful nature is manifesting in a romantic way today -- if you're seeing someone things should heat up, but if not, now is a great time to attract the attention of the right person.
You probably don't make a big show out of how organized you are, but your results speak for themselves -- especially on days like today! Someone at work or at home likes what they see.
You need to do some homework before you can really get moving today -- but it's fun! Soak up some new info and see if you can get your friends or coworkers to help you make the most of it.
You need to ensure that you're speaking as plainly as possible -- but that doesn't mean you can guarantee that everyone hears you properly! If you become aware of misunderstandings, correct them quickly.
See if you can get yourself to forgive someone who hurt you in the past -- you are much more likely to be able to move forward afterward. If you can't do it, you may need to deal with it symbolically.
It's time to clear off your desk, inbox or whatever else is full of clutter in your life. It may be once chore after another, but you've got the right kind of mental stamina to finish it up.
It's somewhat easier for you to make yourself heard, even in a room full of alpha dogs. Your ability to say what needs to be said and to read other people's faces makes communication a snap!
You pick up on something you weren't meant to know today -- but it's not such a big deal! In fact, you may choose to keep it to yourself, as knowing is more than half the fun in this case.
You and your friends are all in sync today, and it's the best time for you to all work or play together. You may need to nudge them into action, but once they're there, they don't stop!
Try your best to let your smile do the talking today -- you've got charm that make folks find irresistible! It may be tempting to do things your own way, but a bit of diplomacy is all you really need.
You find it easy to get along with someone new -- it may be a new friendship in the making! Open up and see where it goes, as almost anything is possible in your social world right now.
Coworkers, fellow students and others you know more formally are important today, so listen closely and make sure that they are handy when you need them. Communication is much smoother.
Try to let your friends and family fend for themselves as much as they can -- you need to focus on yourself today! It's a great time to get your projects back online or to just chill out and relax.
Try to find some new way to find meaning out of your job or some other aspect of your life -- it's there if you look for it! You may come to a new understanding of your place in the world.
You have to step up and get things started today. It might be that the timing feels right, or -- more likely -- that others are less willing to say what needs to be said. You should have no problem with that.
You may be looking into a deep philosophical issue or trying to get some insight into that new person in your life, but one way or another, your intellectual energy makes it all much simpler.
Try to pay attention to the aesthetic elements of your life -- you want things to look good and feel just right. You're at your best dealing with the superficial elements, but should take time for the deeper stuff later.
Explore new cultural territory -- maybe a festival, maybe a new cuisine or maybe a trip far away. Your great energy is perfect for absorbing and relating new ideas and ways of getting through the day.
The big picture is nowhere near as important and the small details today -- so drill down and really focus on the basics! You may need to try a little motivation on coworkers or family to reel them in.
Listen to your friends today -- they know way more than they are letting on! You may learn much more than you had previously known about something or someone of the importance to you.
Someone needs your help but doesn't know how to ask for it. Check out your immediate friends and family to see who's struggling, then lend a hand -- preferably without saying anything.
Try hard not to say yes reflexively today -- unless you know for sure you're signing on with something you can really believe in! It may take a while for you to really evaluate your choices.
It's a time of pretty intense healing for you -- even if you thought you were perfectly fine! Your amazing energy is hard at work putting everything right inside and outside, so kick back and let it happen!
You're experiencing a burst of activity -- or you should be! You may want to check into some new business or even sign on with a new lease or some other contract. You're moving forward.
You may be fired up for action (as usual), but the day's energy pretty much guarantees that any movement is slow and bumpy. Try to settle down and let it happen -- things pick up soon!
You see something out of the ordinary today that keeps you looking for new clues -- and the more you dig, the more you find! It's one of those days when you can unravel huge mysteries.
You need to delve deeply into your unconscious mind today -- for good ideas or just for clues to your current emotional situation. You can find all sorts of things, as long as you take the time.
Don't try to fight it -- some days are just more intense than others! You may need to get your friends or coworkers to see things your way, even if they are all looking in the opposite direction now.
Focus your intellectual energy on low-key matters -- you've got to make sure that you're taking in as much as possible! You should get one major clue about an unseen force that affects you deeply.
Try to set aside some time to think things through today -- your mind is best on its own, looking deeply. Of course, you almost certainly need to return to the surface to share your findings soon.
Your left brain is fully activated today, and you can think through even the most complex of plans with ease. It's a really good time for you to set yourself on a new course, even if it seems uncertain.
You need to deal with business today -- it may just be work, or it could be bills at home or something even more complex. Even if you'd rather duck the issue, it's not going anywhere!
You need to make yourself more useful than ever today -- it's an inner drive! Maybe you're cleaning house, maybe you're saving the planet, but one way or another, you feel better about yourself!
Now is a good time to sit back and think things through -- even if you're being pressed to make a decision! It's a good bet that if you jump on any one option hastily, you will regret it.
It's a good time for you to get yourself together and focus on a new project -- it can be almost anything, as long as you feel strongly about it! Your intensity guarantees results.
Details are far less than clear today, so it may be a good time to think big or to let others handle the small stuff. You've got some great emotional energy coursing through you, so bolster your love life.
You're the vanguard of something big and new today -- and you might not even know what it is! You do know that you've got some great energy flowing, so make the most of it and see what happens!
Your living, breathing energy is impossible to contain -- get out there and shake things up! You feel better than some think you have the right to feel, but that is their problem, not yours!
You've got exactly what it takes to handle the day -- you may not be sure what lies ahead, but that's all part of the fun! It's a great day to take the lead on anything that's new or fun.
Your subconscious mind is working overtime today, but that's not such a bad thing. If you feel worn out for no good reason, you just need a time-out to process all the weird ideas bubbling up from down deep.
Once again, you prove your reliability to the right people by refusing to let go of an important responsibility. It's a good day to focus on what matters most and look toward the future.
Sometimes you have to act like a hero -- pushing forward despite despair. Today, you feel certain that things aren't going to work out, but if you persevere, you can break the cycle and succeed!
Volunteer work and other means of using your energy for other folks is key now, so get up and get to work! Even if you're feeling sick or out of it, you can do something to make the world a little better.
Today requires a willingness to go deeper than usual -- maybe to explore the nuances of your primary relationship, maybe to really get to know that one client or maybe just reading between the lines.
You need to take work more seriously today -- it may be that you've got an opportunity coming up that shouldn't be missed. It's easier than usual for you to make career moves, so go for it!
You're going through some pretty weird interpersonal stuff right now, possibly with coworkers. It's one of those times when you need to stand your ground, even though you're not sure of yourself.
You and your coworkers need to be wary of big risks today -- it's not that your luck is bad so much that you don't have all the info you need. Try to delay any gambles for a few more days at least.
Someone very important decides to disagree with you -- maybe out of spite, or maybe legitimately. You should do your best to smooth over the argument for the time being, until you're on surer footing.
Try not to worry too much about your surroundings or your people -- even if things seem really weird to you, you can still get a lot out of life and culture today. Keep your eyes and mind wide open!
Try not to get too worked up over your own generosity -- it just happens, and there's not much you can do about it. You feel too good to worry about losing out in the long run, and that's not going to happen anyway.
It's one of those days when you need to make sure that you're surrounded by your people -- though that is much easier than usual! Your good energy can turn almost anyone into a friend instantly.
Your mind has taken a philosophical turn today, and you should find that you can come up with all sorts of great ideas as long as you keep your mind focused on the big picture in your life.
Try to go along with the group today -- unless you need to avert disasters, of course! Most likely, they're bumbling along happily in more or less the right direction, and that's good enough for now.
You're not really sure what's motivating you, but you know it doesn't matter! As long as you keep making progress today, you should be able to keep your people drafting along right behind you.
No matter how tense things get today -- and depending on your people, they could get pretty ridiculous -- you still need to step up and take charge, or at least guide the situation to a successful conclusion.
You should find that your ability to communicate with your people is peaking today, and that they are giving you good news -- to say the least! At least one message coming your way thrills you.
You're feeling more connected than ever to all the right people -- and are incredibly welcoming of new folks, too! It's a great time to think about your position in the big picture.
Someone needs help -- maybe a customer at work, maybe a parent or someone on the street -- and you can step up and take care of them with ease. Make sure you're paying attention, though!
Your wary nature is making you the smartest player in the room today -- though you may have a hard time convincing everyone else that the situation is too good to be true. Just keep pushing.
It's one of those days when you wish you were on a five-second delay -- you may inadvertently say too much if you're not very careful! Try to avoid high-tension social situations.
You can let quite a bit slide today -- but, unusually for you, it's much harder to let go of what people are saying about you. Try your best to relax, but if the record must be corrected, so be it.
You've got to step in and help a friend in need today -- though they may not even realize they need you! It's one of those days when you're much better off taking action when you think it's right.
Try to scale back your economic activity today -- make your lunch, hold off on that big purchase or just find some new and creative way to get by on less, even if you're making more than ever before.
You run into someone today -- maybe an ex or an old pal -- who knows more than they let on about your current situation. It may be a very good time to reconnect and learn what you can from them.
Someone you meet today seems to be a bit out of context -- maybe it's a new hottie at work, or maybe a friend of a friend has an intriguing business proposition. Run with it as far as you like!
You and your amazing energy are showing others how it's done, and it's easier than ever for you to make exactly the right impression. Job interviews are especially auspicious, so swallow your fears!
Today is perfect for outside-the-box thinking. You need to make sure that you're letting go of preconceptions and clearing the path for hot new ideas -- even those that come from others.
You and your friends or coworkers should block out some time for thinking big today -- you've got the intellectual energy to handle almost anything! It's a good day for brainstorming and moving on.
It's time to open the door to some new folks -- make a new friend, a new hire or a new love connection! Your social energy is all fired up and ready for almost anything, so make the most of it!
You know perfectly well what is going on between those friends or family members, but good luck trying to explain it to them directly! Wait them out and let them come to you asking for advice.
Your boss (or mate, or pet or anyone else who thinks they're in charge) is in a surprisingly giving mood today. That doesn't necessarily mean a huge raise, but you can get away with a little more.
You're more in tune with social groups than anyone else right now, and you can almost certainly identify a few key areas that your family or work group can fix in order to move forward.
You need to slow way down and let others deal with the details today -- you're heading for burnout if you're not careful! It's not such a bad thing to take the day off and let the chips fall where they may.
Take some time to absorb more info today -- you need to make sure that you're not just acting on instinct. That can pay off for you sometimes, but at the moment, you're just flying blind.
It's a good day to ease up on anything you've been overdoing lately. If you feel that you're more or less in balance, then keep doing what you're doing and all should be well. Return to the center!
Your great mental energy helps you see things from a new perspective -- maybe one that seemed pretty foreign to you not all that long ago. It may be life-changing, so get ready for it!
There's nothing wrong with a little healthy ambition -- and you've got the perfect amount! It's a great time to move forward with plans that might not come to fruition for a good long time.
You are right in the middle of a big win, even if you can't quite see it for what it is yet. Make sure that you're still feeling right about your people and your surroundings, as you can make changes if you like.
You need to work with your people to uncover any dirty laundry or other potentially embarrassing revelations that might impact your work or home life -- get it all out in the open!
You may be somewhat sentimental about old times or old people today, but this isn't just light-hearted nostalgia. You may find that you're a little stuck in the past, and that's no fun!
You're feeling quite confused about something that seems bigger than it really is, and your best bet is almost certainly to just chill out and let it proceed however it's going to proceed. Act later.
You find that people are much more likely to miss the point when you're speaking -- it might get quite frustrating! See if you can slow down or, better still, spell things out so they can't misunderstand.
Try not to worry all that much about your social life -- it should trundle along on its own for the time being. You're getting along better than ever with the folks who mean the most to you.
You can count on support from superiors today -- or bureaucrats or just the powers that be. Someone up there likes you, and you should definitely take advantage of that to make a real difference.
It's an odd day for you socially -- you need to really connect with at least one person, but they may be unusually hard to reach. Try your best to just roll with the day and whatever it offers.
Today is perfect for reconciling differences with loved ones, or even with coworkers -- you are much more willing to let go of ego concerns, and the odds are good that they will be, too!
If you're feeling restless or otherwise needy, try to find a new way to reconcile yourself to your situation. Contentment is at a premium right now, but if you can get there, you should feel much better!
You find it much easier to assimilate new information today, so that could mean that you're in for something wild! You may start to see why your friends have been acting so strangely.
You've got a choice to make today: critical versus creative. It's not as simple as it seems, as it may be that someone or something in your life is begging for a critique, but you may want to stay positive.
Good news comes your way today, probably rather early, but potentially at any time. Your good energy helps you make the most of it and you may find yourself launching in a new direction quickly.
It's trial-and-error day for you -- there's no good way to predict what will happen, so you just have to go ahead and see what works and what doesn't. It's messy, but it gets results for sure!
You feel a little strange today -- more so than usual, anyway! It might be a good time to take the day off from your usual activities and try to just reconnect with your innermost self.
You should do whatever it takes to subdue the urge to fight back today, unless you're up against the wall. You are almost certainly much better of approaching the situation from a new angle later on.
Work can be a problem for you today, so you need to make sure that you're on top of it all -- or far, far away! If you're currently seeking a job, you may want to take a breather and focus on other aspects of life.
It's one of those days when you really need to be out at the forefront of your industry or neighborhood -- things are happening, but you need to lead the way! Your energy is perfect for making changes
Your people are much more likely to help you out today, even with tasks that you don't think you need assistance with. It's a good day to remind yourself why you do the things you do.
You should get more than enough help from friends and coworkers to get by today -- even if you don't have time to ask! Things should start to get really interesting late in the day.
Your mind can roam far and wide today, and you should be able to pick up a few sweet ideas along the way! Think through all the problems you've faced over the past year and you might answer one or two
Your social relations are stronger than ever today. It's a really good time to make new friends and reconnect with old ones -- you never know who's going to bust out with the next big thing!
Why do your friends and family members have to act so strangely every now and then? Is it too much to ask for an uninterrupted stretch of time without any teasing? Today should be the worst of it for a while.
Try hard to open up your mind and look at all ideas with fresh eyes. That may be hard, especially if you've got your own pet plans, but it should yield some serious rewards for you today.
Today seems to be a day of big changes, but you need to moderate that energy and keep things from getting too far out of balance. You may be able to keep things from getting out of hand.
A seemingly simple task turns out to be much harder than you had anticipated, so you should do whatever it takes to get it done -- even if you have to eliminate or delegate everything else!
Try not to bite anyone's head off when you hear the word today. It might be hard for you to accept anyone else's authority right now, but sometimes you've got to bite your tongue and ride it out.
Don't volunteer for any extra work or chores today -- you're unlikely to get much out of it, and drawing attention to yourself isn't the best idea just now. Let others shoulder the extra burden.
Things might get pretty nutty today, especially late in the afternoon or evening, but you need to make sure that you're letting your cool, logical side respond, rather than your overheated emotions.
You're seized by the impulse to shake things up around the home -- or maybe to rearrange things at work. Make sure that everyone involved agrees to your plans before you begin, though!
Give yourself a break -- take off from work, ease up on the self-flagellation or just take time out to do something nice for yourself. You may feel a bit off-balance, but that should change soon.
Focus on the new today -- you've got a lot of interesting times ahead of you, and you should be able to get some new people or projects lined up right now before it all starts to get crazy!
You may feel somewhat off-balance right now, but as long as you can adapt to your new circumstances, you should be able to keep moving forward. Flexibility is the key to success right now.
Now is a really good time for you to strengthen family ties and make sure that all your people are on the same page. You ought to be able to get your folks to see that things need to change for the better!
You're the only sane voice in a room full of madness, but don't let that silence you. Pretty soon, people should start to realize that their nutty ideas are off-base and you've got it under control.
Your ability to play with your various tools and projects should show you a few new ways of getting things done. It's a time to experiment and learn new things, so go a little crazy!
Something is much more challenging than you had anticipated, but that doesn't mean that you're in any serious trouble. It's a good time to call in the troops and get some help from your folks.
You may meet someone very new today -- or, somewhat more likely, see a different side of someone you thought you knew quite well. The odds are good that this turns out to be a seriously positive thing!
Your ability to make friends and influence people is peaking now, and you should find that you can get others to see things your way with ease. Subtlety is key, but you're great at that!
You are the center of attention -- in a good way -- today, thanks to your great ideas and your ability to present them effectively. It's a really good time for you to make suggestions to the group.
You are in a more thoughtful mood, which might just be perfect for your new circumstances! It's a great time to consider your options and play around with new possibilities, rather than take quick action.
Don't worry too much about whether or not you're getting a good reception from your coworkers or friends -- they are much more in line with your thinking than they are letting on. Keep pushing!
Let yourself back off from the big, bad craziness that seems to be enveloping that one project you've invested so much time and energy in. If you walk away for a day or so, your head will be much clearer.
You feel like everyone's older sibling today -- but in the protective and helpful way, not the constantly teasing way! Someone close needs you to step up for them, and you can do so with style.
Money may be a problem today, so to avoid the impulse to spend or to do anything crazy with it. Common sense is one of your strengths, and you should be able to use it to get through the day.
You're having the hardest time reading a client at work, or maybe a family member, but if you open yourself up to nonverbal communication, you ought to be able to at least pick up the gist of it.
Your great intellectual energy demands that you let go of preconceptions -- if only to reel them back in if they seem to be right on. You feel pretty comfortable flying blind for a little while.
It's a great time to start home improvement projects -- even those that might go on for quite some time. You may need to get some help, but your social skills are working overtime.
Someone says something innocuous, probably pretty early in the day, that leads you to see them -- and maybe much more -- in a new light. Your understanding is much deeper than before.
Rediscover a part of yourself that has lain dormant for years or decades. You are in touch with all the various aspects of yourself, though many of them are subconscious, but now they are all closer to mind.
Try not to read too much into any odd coincidences today -- they are reflecting past events, rather than future life. You may be able to shake off some karmic baggage, so that's a plus!
Most people are a bit hyper-emotional today, but you shouldn't have that problem. It's a good day to tread lightly, though, as you might set off a chain reaction of craziness if you're not careful.
Your ability to read minds might not be strong enough to worry the authorities, but it is awfully potent! You've got some great intuitions blazing through your brain, so make the most of them!
Try to instill a more playful kind of energy into your workplace or family life today -- it's easy! Some folks may be grouchy, but you can almost certainly get them to see things the right way.
Try to get your friends to see the world the way you see it -- you never know when one of them might finally crack a smile after a lengthy depression or start to warm up to your charms.
You are starting something fantastic today -- even if you can't tell exactly what's going on! It's one of those days when you can tell that things are going to work out for the best.
You stumble onto something pretty big today -- it might be a clue to your best friend's odd behavior or a job opportunity you had never thought of before -- and you should have fun following up on it!
Try to mess with someone's head -- in a playful way, of course -- today. You've got all kinds of fun energy to share, and the right people are more than happy to take part in your games.
You're feeling understandably frustrated with the way things are going down today, but try your best not to take out those feelings on those around you. Things should lighten up soon!
You're finding it harder and harder to deal with one person at work or near your residence, and today you may need to confront them directly. That's nobody's idea of fun, but you get it done.
Try to ensure that you're operating from a stable base today -- though that may take some effort! You've got plenty of time, even if you feel under the gun, so get to it at a steady pace.
You might not be able to get much practical stuff done today -- except for the very basics -- so focus instead on creative projects or wild dreaming. You may stumble on the next big thing!
Someone close needs to learn a lesson that only you can teach them: How to appreciate the smaller things in life. It's a good time for you to show, rather than tell, them how it's going to be.
You share something with a family member or friend that might cause some strife today -- but you should be able to work it out without coming to blows or storming off in a steaming rage.
Though you feel rushed and kind of nervous about a personal situation today, you need to stop and think it through completely before taking action. Others can rush, but you've got to take it slow.
Keep things light and breezy today, as much as possible -- any conflicts could spark something much more serious! Of course, if that's what you need, then go for it as quickly as possible.
You're a little lost today, but that's not such a big problem for you! In fact, you may just stumble into something new and exciting, though it might take you some time to recognize its true value.
You're not exactly restless, but your need for activity is heightened, and you may find it easier to stay on the move. It's a great day to rally the troops and get everyone excited for what's coming up!
Education is important to you throughout your life -- you know that school is more than just a jail for children! Today brings a new opportunity to expand your sense of what makes the world tick.
You're still all fired up with good energy, and you should be especially drawn to children and others young at heart. Have fun with your daily activities, and you may just inspire others to do the same.
Your first impulse today is likely to rush out and drop some dollars on your problems, but you need to slow down and think things through first. You're in a better position than you think!
Try to take on the big ideas going on around you -- there are so many of them to choose from! You almost certainly feel something click as you identify a new sense of purpose and belonging.
You need to put a stop to something today. It may be a bad relationship, an argument breaking out at work or just an uncomfortable silence between you and a relative -- but stop it quickly!
If you listen carefully today, you can glean some killer advice from the random ramblings of your friends and coworkers. It's like they're dropping pearls of wisdom they can't even recognize!
Life can get pretty crazy today -- but you are more than ready for it! If things start to look dire, try an attitude adjustment, because that is almost certainly the one trick no one can see coming!
You and your people need to chat informally to figure out the latest weirdness -- and it shouldn't be too hard to reach a quiet agreement. You may need to chase after someone who's taken off, though!
Leave your heart locked away today, at least when you're dealing with coworkers or bureaucrats. If you react emotionally, no matter how honest it may be, it's seen as overreaction.
You may want to take a positive step toward better health today -- and if you do, your personal energy is just right for helping you stick to the program! It may not be easy, but it's worthwhile.
Today is the day for you to start cutting through the haze and really seeing your surroundings for what they are. You may have to enlist some aid, as it's much thicker than it looks!
You and your teammates or family need to stand tough throughout this phase -- you've got some serious business to attend to, but that should take care of itself in the not-too-distant future.
Today is great for endings -- those you are looking forward to, anyway! Close out that project at work or cross something big off of your personal to-do list. It should feel fantastic!
The devil is in the details today -- or at least that's how it feels to you! It's too hard to totally avoid the small stuff, but you may want to try delegating it or seeing who can help you out.
If your kids or friends are running you down, you don't mind -- you are too full of good energy to worry! In fact, you may be a little too indulgent today, but you can compensate for that tomorrow.
You feel much more closely connected with who you really are today -- so much so that you might feel the need to stretch yourself out in a new direction, one that feels a little truer to you.
There's no need to get complicated today -- just chill out and take care of the basics. Your good energy is just right for practical pursuits, and you can simplify your life in just the right way.
Your friends of friends are more in touch with your needs than your closest family members today, but the situation reverses itself back to normal soon. Try to reach out as far as you can!
Your heart may be fully engaged in something sweet and romantic, but you know you've got more going on than that. It's a good day for you to check in with your people all over the map.
You don't need a Ph.D. to understand today's problem -- though you do need a brain like yours! It may be a little tricky to explain your understanding to others who are a little less gifted.
Open up and surprise people today -- there's a lot more going on than anyone else knows about, but you've got the inside scoop. You may be shocked at how positive the collective response is.
You may be just a wee bit too attached to someone or something, but today offers you the perfect chance to shake free, at least a little. What you do after that is entirely up to you!
You can't help experimenting with new ideas and creations today -- it's in your nature! You may stumble across something that's so cool that you have to share it with the world, or your corner of it.
You need to back up your actions with some serious reflection today -- your values may be compromised if you skip that step! Once you see how your life and beliefs can merge, it's smooth sailing.
Though your day may have nothing to do with legal issues, you may still feel as if you're on the witness stand today -- or the jury box! Somehow, you've got to take part in a big judgment.
It's a good time for you to drill down and forget about the big picture for now -- you've got to make the trains run on time before you can think about laying down any new tracks!
Let yourself kick back and enjoy life today -- there's nothing wrong with a little mini-vacation in the middle of your work or home life! Let that great energy shine through to others.
Look into the latest big news -- it's more closely related to your personal life than you would have thought at first glance. It's a really good time for you to gather info and put it all together.
Take care of something that seems too big to ignore -- even if everyone around you is steadfastly ignoring it! Your ability to tackle seemingly impossible projects should come in handy.
You need to face up to that one big issue -- it's coming down today or very soon, ready or not! The good news is that you have the focus you need to get it together to take care of this.
Someone is not coming clean with you -- and you need to figure out what's really going on! It may not take much more than a simple question, but get ready to do your homework 'til it's done.
Though you are usually more forward-thinking, right now you're focused squarely on the past -- maybe that of your family? It's a good time of genealogical pursuits or for calling up your parents.
Coworkers and family members are much more responsive to intellectual arguments than to appeals to emotion. It might be hard for you to understand at some point, but you can make it through.
Something slides into place today and gets you thinking about the big picture -- it's one of those days when you can suddenly see how it all fits together! Pass the word along to all the key players.
You may have to intervene in a big argument -- one that you have a stake in -- before the end of the day. It's hard not to play favorites, but you are much better off if you appear impartial.
You should have a much better time at work or doing chores than usual, thanks in part to your great social energy -- you make it so much fun and inviting that others can hardly restrain themselves!
Take a few minutes to ponder the future -- your creative ideas are sure to at least get you thinking about what needs to happen, even if they aren't exactly what you need right now.
It's the perfect time to sit down with your sweetie or someone else close to you and hash out some big issue that has been troubling you. It might not be interpersonal, but it can be resolved.
You may feel as if you're at loose ends, but you just need to make sure that you're focusing outward rather than inward. There's a lot going on in the world, and you can make a positive difference today.
Start off in a new direction today -- things are all aligned in your favor, but only if you act quickly! Even if you still need to sort out some plans, you are much better off taking action now.
Try not to believe everything you hear today -- you need to be able to step back and look at things more skeptically. If you can manage that, you should be able to make some serious progress!
Today is perfect for getting started with new projects of all kinds -- from moving into a new residence to conducting a massive overhaul of your resume and job searching tools. Go for it!
You may not feel like a genius, but you are sure to be seen as one by the end of the day. It's a good time for you to express your wildest ideas, as at least one of them is extremely timely.
Your coworkers and family members are all open to what you've got to say -- so say something soon! It's a good day for communication of all kinds, so make sure you're not saying silent.
It's one of those days when you need to mix it up socially -- going solo doesn't work out so well. If you're open your own for some reason, try to reach out electronically or even just write a letter.
You're feeling pretty restless in at least one part of your life, and it's a really good time for you to see if you can inject some novelty. It's super-easy to find something fun and share it with your people.
Try to hear people out today, no matter how much nonsense they try to cram into their sentences. Every now and then, one busts out with something that is pure gold, and you need to hear it.
You're happier at home today, but if you've got to go out, you need to make sure that you're in touch with those who are closest to you. Things are just about to get a lot better for you all!
Try reaching out today -- your good energy may counterbalance the craziness making its way through your social circles! If you can just infuse a bit of common sense into the situation, all should be well.
You bob and weave and get free of something that had been holding you back -- it's easier than ever to follow your mood and do things your way! It's a good time to make big, sudden moves.
It's one of those days when you know that you need to get something out in the open -- but nobody else seems willing to hear you out! You may need to wait a few days before you can clear it up.
Direct your attention to others -- maybe friends and family, maybe those less fortunate than you. It's a good time to rack up some good karma while you make the most of your energy.
If you desperately need to make progress today, you may need to just shut out all distractions and go for it -- but it's still tough! It's a weird time, full of confusion and false starts.
It's definitely time for you to take action -- the time for planning is past! Your great energy should help you luck out or at least inch forward past the competition by the end of the day.
You find a way to lose something semi-important today, and while it may just be temporary, it does consume an awful lot of your mental capacity as you hunt it down. You may as well tidy up, too!
It's a good day to tackle big projects or deal with people who usually tire you out. You are practically inexhaustible, and should be able to make it through almost anything feeling fresh.
There's a lot going on in your world today, and that could mean that you need to make some new connections or otherwise figure stuff out in a new way. Your intuition is all fired up!
You're not so sure that things are where they should be -- but you do have a sense of the big picture, so you can easily adjust. It's a good time for you to make positive changes in all aspects of your life.
Try to blur the distinctions between your fantasies and real life -- it's much easier today, and it's always a good time! Your great emotional energy should help you to find your way to the fun.
You're not in the right frame of mind to accept playful teasing from your mate, or anyone else who means a lot to you. It shouldn't cause a huge rift, but you might have to walk back from your initial response.
Try out something new today -- you never know what works until you explore! Your amazing energy is in sync with the world in a new way, and you may find that luck treats you more kindly.
It's harder than ever for you to make progress -- but you can change all that! Just take a step back and review your goals. You should find that you've got to shake things up a little in order to move on.
Listen to your dreams tonight -- their messages are almost certainly clearer than usual, and you might find that your subconscious is smarter than it has been in a good long time! Clues abound.
See if you can get the jump on any big decision that needs to be made soon -- you've probably got all the info you need right now. Even if you have to trust your intuition, that's for the best.
You're feeling a bit unsure of your situation today, but that doesn't mean that you can't move forward. Try to accept a bit of confusion in your dealings and things should end up pretty well for you.
An uncomfortable situation is developing at home, but you need to let it proceed for the time being. Premature intervention should only make things worse, but observation helps quite a bit.
Try your very best to come up with something new to help guide your path today -- your mind is on spiritual development, and you ought to be able to dream up something really wonderful!
Trust your instincts today -- they may not be flawless, but they are serving you better than your logical side. At least once hunch is solid gold, so jump when you think the time is right.
Let your craziest ideas have free range today -- you may hit on something awesome! It's a really good day for you to brainstorm or to free-associate with your coworkers or closest friends.
Your darker side may be coming out today, but it's only manifesting as a bit of greediness, and shouldn't be any more harmful than a kid who grabs for too many cookies all at once!
Your creative and practical sides are interacting in a major way right now, so it's a good time to putter in the kitchen, rearrange furniture or find crazy ways to save money with your monthly budget.
Try something totally different today -- you've got great ideas banging around inside your brain right now, and you can't help but let a few of them out! At least one new project comes to life.
A stroke of inspiration comes your way at some random point in the day -- and if your run with it, you can go far! Your wildest ideas can become remarkably popular if you keep pushing them.
You have little patience for boredom -- and today, that pays off in a big way! You may just walk away from something that isn't working for you, or you may lead a mini-revolt somewhere close to home.
Avoid any legal entanglements today -- but if you really need to sign that lease or agree to some new terms, make sure that you get the best advice possible under the circumstances.
Try to hold off on sending emails until you've had a chance to review them thoroughly -- all communication is prone to errors today, and you need to make sure to minimize your personal mistakes!
Try to focus on your thinking today -- it should be a bit clearer than usual, and you are almost certain to find that you uncover a few new wrinkles in your plans. Tinker and move ahead!
You've got to figure out what's really going on today -- you may need to reorganize your thinking or otherwise ensure that you've got the mental capacity to handle the new incoming data.
Someone needs you to take a little more care with your relationship, but that's what you're best at! The bad news is they aren't clear enough to ask for help, so look around until you figure it out on your own,
Someone from your past catches up with you -- maybe through Facebook, or maybe through simpler methods. It may be fun or a little off-putting, but it should make life more interesting!
Someone you like drops a little bomb on you later in the day -- or at least it feels like a bomb to you! It's just the last straw, and you may need to do something drastic to get your work back on track.
You and your friends are edging closer to a precipice -- it's time to pull back! The temptation to keep looking and exploring is strong, but you are much better off trying something else.
You need to try something a bit more dramatic today -- though it doesn't have to be scary or crazy! Maybe you just need to write a poem to express yourself, or take an unusual stand in a meeting.
Keep moving today, even if the details seem to threaten to get in your way. You can delegate them to someone else or even just ignore them for the time being -- some things are more important!
Try not to let people walk away with the wrong impression -- though if they do think you're a smidgen better than you really are, what's the harm? A little spin never really hurt anyone.
Your family is abuzz with some new plan -- maybe a vacation or a party, or maybe something more practical. You'd much rather just get on with it than keep exploring options, though.
You are feeling much more interested in new people today, and ought to be able to communicate with them on a much more intimate level than usual for you. Make some new friends soon!
You might seem too quick to dismiss new ideas today -- but you can just see their flaws that much faster than other people! It's a good day to take time to build your case, though -- people need reasoning.
If life seems too complicated -- and it almost certainly does -- then you need to clear out some of the detritus. It's a really good time for you to have a mental yard sale and free yourself of old ideas.
Your brainy energy is helping you make a real difference today -- it's easy to shake things up! People find your ideas much more appealing, and your ability to communicate them is stronger than ever.
You're going through quite a lot right now, but it's largely positive -- so enjoy the ride! It's one of those days when you're busier than usual, but you don't end up feeling too worn out at the end of the day.
Does your love life need some fresh energy? Now is the time to heat things up -- your amazing personal style is perfect for spending time with your sweetie or getting out there and finding someone new!
You're in a somewhat grouchier mood than you need to be, but sometimes you just need to let that part of you roam freely. It's a good day to let those who irritate you know exactly how it feels!
See if you can cancel out that last big risk you took with some seriously sensible behavior today. It's especially vital that you take care of risk management at work or in business.
Don't let yourself get pinned down with too many specifics -- you've got to make sure that you're looking at the big picture, as few others are likely to be doing so. Ask big questions, too!
It's the perfect day to consider a return to the center -- whatever that means to you. Get closer to your family, figure out a way to ease back from anything extreme or just readjust your balance.
You've got some serious mojo pushing you forward today -- you've got to make sure that you don't stop for anything! Your persistence should pay off in the not too distant future, so keep it up.
You're the only one who seems to be questioning the status quo today, which gets more irritating the more you question. Try not to snap at coworkers or family members over their acceptance.
You can't hold back right now, even if the people you're speaking to don't seem to want to hear the truth. It's a good time to express your feeling as honestly and openly as you possibly can!
You need to fall back on a friend today -- don't be shy or ashamed! Everyone needs support from time to time, and you're lucky enough to have at least one solid person who's there for you.
No matter how things have been explained to you, it's likely that you only need to deal with one person to get anything done today. Anything from romance to business deals comes down to one-on-one interactions.
Try not to worry too much about your busy schedule -- in fact, you may find that you like it fine this way! It's a good time for you to push ahead with lots of different new projects and bring others on board.
See if you can get your mate or business partner to see both sides of the big argument -- you certainly can! That doesn't mean you're not partisan, but it does give you an edge that they might resent.
Your mind is intimately tied up with your heart, and today that is even more obvious than usual. It's a great time for you to share interests with your partner, or meet someone through unusual means.
Your psychic powers are stronger than ever -- but you still can't quite seem to actually read minds! It's still a great time to get a sense of what those closest to you are really dealing with, though.
It may feel like you're dreaming midday when things start to go exactly your way -- but you'd better believe it! Your focus and energy are key to keeping things going in the most beneficial direction for you.
You're more in tune with people than usual, and music might be a shared interest -- even when nothing else joins you together! It's a great time to ask others what's on their iPods.
Today is perfect for starting on new projects of any kind. You may want to check in with your family, as home and personal projects may run a little more smoothly, but the table is clear for you.
You've got to convince someone, probably pretty early, that all you want is for folks to get along, that might be somewhat harder than usual, thanks to the mistrust and paranoia brewing, but you can manage.
Why are you so worked up over that one person you have to see (almost) every day? Your energies are just out of sync right now, so try hard not to read too much into it -- at least, not yet.
You're caring much more deeply about something or someone than you are used to, but that just means that you're that much more likely to stumble onto something really big and meaningful today!
Everybody helps everybody today -- join in! You've got more going on than you may have realized, so it may be that you end up helping more than receiving, but it all adds up in the end.
You know perfectly well that people are overreacting today -- you may be the only one who can see the forest for the trees. Let them panic for a bit before setting them straight -- they are more likely to listen to you!
You may get really frustrated today, so be careful about asking for (or expecting) too much! It's a good time for you to ease up or to walk away from untenable situations -- you can't talk your way out of anything.
You just can't let yourself get all that worked up over nothing -- things are going pretty well, despite today's seeming setback. It's less than it appears to be, so keep smiling and wait for the upside.
You don't have time to ponder or bemoan your fate -- just take care of today's big problem (it comes late in the day) and move on. You should feel much better once you're past it for good.
You've got twice the energy of any other day, so take care of all that stuff you've been putting off for so long -- or, maybe, work yourself up for the big confrontation you know you can't avoid!
Travel is twice as good for you as usual today, so if you're out in the world, have a blast! If not, it's still a good time to make plans and dream about where you want to plant yourself next.
Try not to worry too much about the exact words you use to express yourself -- especially your deepest feelings -- right now. Your poetic sentiment should help you reach out across all boundaries.
You're feeling the buzz today, and you can't help but share it with others! Now is the best time for you to get folks together and see if you can't make something extra-crazy happen!
Show your family -- or your boss -- that you can stand up to them, but use your signature style of playful leadership. That should make them take notice, and your good energy can take care of the rest!
Your fiery energy should put you in a good mood for much of the day, so make the most of it! You ought to be able to get your friends and coworkers to see that things are working out after all.
Someone steps up to you late in the day and challenges your position -- or your authority. It's not the best time to get into a huge fight, so see if you can distract them with something shiny for the time being.
You're being just a little too rigid today -- you need to step back and try to bend a bit when others ask nicely. You may find that you like the new way of doing things even better than before!
You've got to focus a bit too much of your energy on one person or group today -- even though you think someone else is more deserving! Try not to let the unfairness of it all keep you from doing your best.
It's much harder for you to deal with unyielding people today -- and you may be one yourself! Of course, that never lasts long for you, so don't worry too much about the future for now.
You need to show off a little of that flexibility you've got in spades. It's a good day for you to offer to take on extra work or to see about getting yourself back on track with a friend.
Your health is just a bit more delicate than you realize -- it may be time for a checkup, or just a positive step like an extra walk or more fresh veggies. You're in the right place to take care of it!
Financial issues need extra care today -- you need to get the best possible value, so make sure that you are as savvy as you can be and that you're getting the right kind of advice all around.
A friend or supervisor at work is pushing hard for you to do something you don't want to do, but your resistance is legendary. If you must, you must, but you don't go down without a fight.
It's a really good time for you to look beyond your usual routines and seek out the new. You may find that you have far more options than you had realized, and your life could get very interesting soon.
Be very careful about your words and actions today -- but only when you're dealing with people who don't know you well. Your friends get you, but the boss may wonder when you start to rant.
You've got to deal with personal or work-related finances today, even if you'd rather put them off for a few months or decades. You do have the resources, to handle it, though you may have to stretch.
Something seems to click deep inside your mind, and you can understand someone in your life who's been something of a mystery lately. It's a great day for you to check in with them.
The people you rely on every day turn out to be more problematic than you had hoped -- it's one of those days when you know that you need to take care of business on your own. Things should pick up soon!
You're caught between the economy and a hard place today, but don't despair! You know what's next for you, and while it may feel overwhelming, you know deep down it's best for you!
It's one of those slow-moving days that seems to drag on just a little too long, without much of anything getting done. If you get frustrated, it just drags on longer, so try to smile along with it.
Your biggest idea is ready to go -- so get to work! It may be a work initiative or a plan to revitalize your home, but your energy is perfect for putting ideas into action. Get your people and make haste!
You've got to pass over the big details of today's plan -- there's more going on than meets the eye! Just keep focusing on the long view and things should make a lot more sense soon!
You're always learning, and today brings a new wrinkle to your day -- you are trying new things and picking up data points even when things don't work out for you! It's a good day to watch and learn.
It's time to accept a new challenge -- you're feeling pretty bored on some level, and you need to pursue something that will keep your mind, body and soul more fully engaged with the world.
You need to avoid the impulse to play politics today -- even if you think you've got a big break! Other people's dramas are nothing but trouble right now, and you need to make sure that you stay away.
Try to stretch yourself out in some new way today -- you've got to get just a little bit fitter! Your personal energy is perfect for getting back in touch with your body, so go for it!
Rethink your latest big move -- you may need to change up the details, or scrap it and start over entirely! You've got the right kind of mental energy for this challenge, so don't shy away from it!
You're feeling the urge to stick it to the man today -- but try to hold back! Your authority issues come and go, but if you try anything nutty today, you're sure to feel the pain of the consequences.
You are feeling the social buzz in a big way today, and can't help but find new ways to share your great energy with others. Make sure you're spending quality time with those who are most important to you.
Try to get a fresh start on something today -- your energy is perfectly suited to new beginnings. If you've been planning it for ages, so much the better, as your plans are rock-solid!
You and your coworkers or family members need to get down to business and sketch out a plan for world domination (or whatever you really want to do). Your brainy energy helps pave the way!
You need to understand something that seems incomprehensible -- but your mind is up to the challenge! Keep searching through the details for the key that will help you crack the code.
You need to check in with someone close -- not family, but still pretty close. Your normal social intuition may be misfiring just a bit, but you can still figure out what you need to know.
Life feels larger than life today -- how can that be? Somehow, you've stumbled onto something (or someone) that makes things seem to make more sense, even as you're moving in the same direction.
See if you can get your friends to help you make your plans today -- you need lots of input, especially when it comes to practical matters. You know what you want -- now you need to get there!
You need to explore some secret issues that might only mean something to you. It's a good time for you to branch out and make the most of your hidden talents, too, so look for opportunities!
Don't waste too much of your brainpower today on trying to figure out why people are doing whatever it is they're doing -- sometimes mysteries just have to unfold on their own! You'll figure it out.
Show off your worth to someone new today -- you can do far more than they realize, and your energy is directed outward in a big way! It's a good time to step up to the plate at work or at home.
Try to take a second look at your financial situation today -- you may need to deal with something that's bigger than it looks at first glance. The good news is you can patch up any holes quickly.
Take it easy today, or you might have to redo almost everything! It's one of those times when deadlines need to be revisited or excuses need to be made so that you can get the work done right.
You're still grooving to good internal energy, but you should try to soak up some from outside, too! Music is especially appealing, and you should get quite a lot out of any concerts that come up.
Try not to worry too much about your friends -- they can take care of themselves. Accept the praise that is coming to you and see if you can build on your latest accomplishment to make positive change.
Do your homework today -- literally, if you've got any, or more figuratively otherwise. Your mind can more easily absorb information and sort it so that it all starts to make sense to you.
You're feeling the urge to write an angry letter to Congress or reach out to an old, distant friend through Facebook -- some part of you wants to communicate with people you don't really know all that well.
You're feeling a little too concerned with the latest round of stress -- you may need to ignore that nagging voice in your head, at least long enough to get some rest! Things should even out soon.
You're right to be skeptical of the latest proposal or person to come your way -- look a lot deeper before signing on! You may need to try something a little sneaky to get the info you need.
Reach out and really connect to that person in need -- maybe a relative, maybe a stranger. You ought to be able to get them to see the brighter side of things before they get too dark.
You sometimes find it hard to let people in so they can get to know the real you, but today, it's much easier. It's a great time to make new friends or bring the ones you have a little closer.
You and your people need to really get focused today -- maybe on a home improvement project, maybe something at work. You know what needs to be done, and you've got the mind to handle it.
Try hard not to be too harsh on folks today -- the odds are good that they are already being too hard on themselves! If you keep the mood relatively light, you should be able to score some points.
Money is still an issue for you -- as it is for everyone -- but you're lucky enough to have some great ideas about dealing with it. See if you can get your family to back you up for your big decision
You may be bored to death of the spreadsheets or lists you have to deal with today -- but they are more important than ever! It's a good time to enlist some aid or support in plowing through them all.
Romance is on your mind, no matter what your status may be right now, You may feel as if you're courting all over again -- or you may actually be pursuing someone new -- and your heart is totally in it!
People might make fun of you for being so organized, but you know your system works -- for you, at least! Today shows everyone exactly what they're missing as you cruise to success.
You learn something new about a friend or coworker that makes you see them in a new light. Most likely it's positive, but it might take some mental stretching to get yourself to the point where you can see that!
Take care of all the small stuff that you need to cross off your to-do list today -- it may be boring, but it needs to get done, and you're sure that you've got the time and energy to take care of it all now.
The details of today's plans and projects all seem to be too much for you -- but they're not! You just need to get a fresh perspective on it all, and that is coming in just a few days.
You feel much more connected to the people around you, so now is a good time for heart-to-hearts and other serious conversations. They don't have to be life-changing, but they should be front and center in your life.
Your ability to speak clearly -- and to make people take notice -- is strong right now, so you ought to be a force to be reckoned with at work or in the community. See if you can rile up the masses!
You can see through the current hogwash at work or in the community -- you know the real deal! It's one of those days when you are much better off just hanging back and letting others dig themselves in deeper.
Try not to get too worked up over the specifics of your daily routine -- you need to focus on the people! Your social intuitions should steer you correctly, and you may need to shift to a new paradigm of thinking.
Today is absolutely perfect for getting started with new home or relationship-building projects. Your energy feels pretty well balanced, and you're itching for something new to keep you moving!
You need to show yourself that your love life is still rich and vibrant, no matter what the circumstances may be. Try a date with your mate or someone totally new, if you're single. Your good energy makes it worthwhile.
People are sure to come to you with some big questions -- and you need to step up and give them the answers they need! It's one of those days when you really ought to think hard about your role.
Your coworkers play a more important role in your life than usual. If you're not working now, for whatever reason, you may run into an old work pal or need to recommend someone for a new gig.
Try not to force yourself into any big decisions today -- you need to make sure that you're taking all the time you need. If anyone pushes you too hard, push back and tell them to wait their turn.
Your mind is on your job or your most important home project -- so much so that you may ignore the people around you! It's one of those days when you just need to get it all done quickly.
You're in the middle of a ton of different projects right now -- but you shouldn't feel overwhelmed! It's a great day for you to delegate or pass along unfinished business to others.
Take a break! No matter where you are or what you're doing, you need to keep the stress levels from rising too high or you risk becoming overwhelmed. Slow down and enjoy the sights.
Business deals are tricky today -- not because anyone is out to get you, but because details are all much more confusing and arcane than usual. Get advice from someone you trust or delay a bit longer.
Drill down into the smallest details of your plan today -- you need to be able to get folks to see that things make sense at the atomic level! Your ability to notice small flaws and perks pays off.
Today is all about big ideas -- and you need to work them out with others in your life! It's the best possible time for brainstorming, and also for deciding on big joint plans for the future.
Debt is on your mind -- but not in a scary way! If anything, you may find that people are much easier to deal with now that you are focusing on what they owe you. It feels less one-sided.
You're perfectly content to show your family how good they have it -- though you may want to see if they can throw you a bone, too. Put their needs first now in the expectation of good returns.
You may not want to deal with feelings right now, but your communication style is actually perfect for talking about and understanding the soft, mushy side of life. Get into it with someone close.
You need to tell the boss -- or your mate, or just the salesperson at the next shop you enter -- exactly what's on your mind, even if your desires don't seem achievable just yet. You never know what might happen!
You can always take positive steps to ensure better health, but right now you are in the perfect position to leap even farther ahead! It's a really good day for you to get serious about exercise or diet.
Now is a good time to take a new step with your romantic partner -- or to take a step closer to romance, if you're single! Moving in, buying something together or meeting the parents should all go well.
You may or may not be all that interested in what's coming up culturally -- but you feel the need to make a show of appearing to be jazzed! That should serve you well socially in the near future.
You're having way too much fun to worry about what comes next. It may be time for you to flirt shamelessly with that new coworker or to play silly games with your family members. Just do it!
You need to deal with something sweet and romantic today -- life could be worse! Maybe your sweetie is extra-nice to you, or maybe you stumble across some new hottie who needs your attention.
Your good energy is perfect for focusing on personal issues today -- anything from your love life to your home improvement needs. It may feel too practical to be interesting, but you find a way.
Things just aren't going as smoothly as you want them to -- but you may be able to grease the wheels if you're patient. Someone at home is being obstinate (again), so see if you can step up and change the situation.
Try letting your coworkers or family members take charge today -- you deserve a break, and now and then you need to let them see how tough the reins of responsibility can be. Things get back to normal soon!
Settle an old score today, even if it means forgiving a long-standing debt or grudge. Your karmic balance sheet needs to be rezeroed before you can really feel right about how things are going.
Nothing seems to mean what people think it means today, but that doesn't mean you have to just throw up your hands and walk away. If you can trust your intuition, you should be able to go far.
See if you can get your allies to spill the beans on your competitors -- in business or any other endeavor. Now is a good time for skulduggery, but you're not the only one who's thinking about it!
An important clue comes your way through a dream, so make sure that you take some extra time to recall what went on at night. If nothing comes to mind, you might have already absorbed the lesson.
You and your heart are feeling just a bit more fragile than usual -- but that doesn't have to be a bad thing! Get your sweetie to take care of you -- or use that sensitivity to attract a new love to you!
Speak up today -- someone close to you is in dire need of advice, or at least perspective. Your ability to communicate clearly is stronger than ever, and their willingness to listen matches that.
It's a great time to throw your weight around -- even if you are nervous about the consequences. Your energy is just right for surprise moves and surpassing the competition before they know what's going on.
Try to take one positive step toward better health today -- you've got more momentum than you think, and right now, you can double all efforts in that direction. Eat a banana or take a long walk!
Try flirting with the next person you meet -- even if there's no chance (or interest) in anything happening. You've got the right kind of energy to get them to see things your way!
See if you can forge a real connection with someone new today -- you may surprise yourself with your willingness to reach out, even to folks who seem completely distant from your reality!
Though you might very well rather hide out in the safety of your home, you may need to engage with the world on its own terms today. You can take care of quite a bit of simmering business.
You're experiencing some big -- maybe profound -- changes right now, and at least one is creating a ruckus. It's almost certainly positive in the long run, so don't try to put on the brakes.
Your emotions are quite a bit more intense than usual, and one might take you by surprise -- a flash of anger or a sudden burst of romantic interest in someone totally new. Run with it, as it's as real as it gets.
Your emotional energy feels as deep and energetic as the ocean right now, and that can be a little frightening! If anyone can handle it, it's you, so ride it out and look forward to the upcoming calm.
Whether you think of yourself as an introvert or an extrovert, today you can see that others find you fascinating. Your great personal energy is especially appealing to potential employers or romantic partners.
You're feeling a little unsettled about some new arrangement, and that means it's time to reevaluate. You should be able to spot hidden flaws and strengths and come to some surprising conclusions.
Your emotional state is pretty volatile today, but that doesn't have to be a bad thing. Maybe it's time to get something off your chest, or maybe you can get a little closer to someone you like.
Your intuitive side is opening up and making life a lot more interesting -- and you may need to share some of your major insights with someone who doesn't really want to hear them. Be persuasive!
You have your moods, and today brings a new grumpiness that threatens to get in the way of your relationship or working life. Try to spend some time alone -- it's the best way to get yourself back on track.
Your love life may get a significant boost today -- whether or not you are seeing someone right now! Your passions are certainly aroused, and it's easier than ever to get others to look your way.
Your intellect and your intuition are working in perfect harmony today, leading to a much deeper understanding of some person or issue of importance to you. Key insights come all day long.
It's a good day for you in many ways -- but especially if you're feeling ambitious! Whether you want to make a move on someone cute or go for a new position at work, the wind is at your back!
Expect the best today -- your amazing energy should guarantee it! Anything you complete today ought to be seen as a huge achievement. If not now, then one day you should get your due.
You need to deal with some big issues on the job or otherwise related to your income -- but nothing is insurmountable! You should be able to get your people to see that changes are necessary.
Get everything lined up and orderly today -- if only so you can be first out of the gate when the time is right! It's a great time for you to put your planning and scheming to good use.
You should be able to get your people to rally to the cause today, no matter how big or small it may be. People want to get things done, and if you give them the right message, they should be ready and willing.
Don't despair -- you need to deal with something pretty big, but you've got the resources to handle it without too much effort or worry. You do need to keep pressing forward, no matter what.
You are incredibly enthusiastic about something new in your life -- maybe a new love, maybe a new fitness regimen. Whatever it is, try to keep your conversations balanced so you don't bore your friends!
Take care of your own needs, as much as possible -- you've got to deal with lots of people who don't know how to help, much less think to offer. Self-sufficiency comes naturally to you, but you need to use it or lose it!
You are more in touch with your surroundings today -- and might have a hankering to get back to nature, as much as possible. A short walk, gardening or even just watching the stars can fill the void.
You need to keep yourself focused on the positive today -- it's easier than you think! Your first instinct may be to complain, but if you turn it around and praise what works, you end up doing more good.
You can plow through mountains of work today, if that's needed, or have a blast just taking care of little stuff around the house. Your energy levels are high and you are focused on the practical
You need to focus on the hard stuff today, as much as you may want to avoid it. Your mindset is actually pretty great for dealing with big issues, even though you probably don't feel like it.
You are on a collision course with some authority figure -- so get on your best behavior! This is not the time to raise a ruckus or otherwise cause trouble, but that time is coming soon.
Don't draw attention to yourself today -- not even the good kind! You need to lie low and let others take the leading roles while you wait in the wings. Don't worry, you get your speaking part soon!
It's one of those days when you really need to keep your life in balance -- too bad you're being pulled in just one direction! The good news is that you ought to be able to get some down time soon.
Your energy is perfect for making plans and following through on them today -- you are almost frighteningly well organized! See if you can get your friends to just follow your lead. It's best for everyone.
You may be a big help to your friends or coworkers today -- you're the best resource they can draw on for just about anything. Between your wide-ranging skills and their deep needs, it all works out well.
You can see how everything is going to go, more or less -- or at least you've got a vision that you want to bring to life. Now is a good time for you to get your people to help you achieve it!
Try your best to chill out -- even if it means walking away from a good thing -- and look for new solutions. It may take quite a while, but your innate flexibility means you can get it done!
Your understanding of new ideas is quite intense right now, so make sure you're absorbing as much as you can! It's a really good time for you to explore and learn what's possible out there.
Expect a struggle if you need to get anything done with other people today -- They're not exactly into cooperating! Then again, neither are you, so it might be best for you to go solo for now.
Your impulses may be all over the map today, but it's vital that you take care of first things first. In fact, you may want to hold off on giving important feedback to someone close to let it ferment a bit.
Your financial acumen is pretty strong right now so it's a good time for you to make decisions in that field. See if you can get your friends or family to go along with you, as there is power in numbers.
Even though you are usually the life of the party, you may find that people are more resistant to your charms. That's not a permanent situation, so you can just get back in the pool later.
Be a little more careful than usual with your friends and family -- egos are more easily bruised, and you might slip into a conflict before you realize what's happening. Try to tread lightly.
Are you feeling a little low? That's not too surprising -- you've been running pretty fast of late! It's a really good time for you to step back from the hustle and flow and just let yourself rest.
You need to take greater pains to show flexibility today -- things could get really weird otherwise! It's time for you to step to the side and make sure that others know that their plans can go forward.
You're usually pretty open-minded, but right now, you're not so sure you want to be. It's a good idea to hear people out, at least -- today of all days, good ideas can come from any direction!
something small happens, probably rather late in the day, that makes you question your plans. It's a good time to reconsider big moves, even if you end up going along with them in the end.
Look ahead and figure out what you think is most likely to happen -- then work for it or against it, depending on your point of view. It's a really good day for you to have a hefty influence on coming events.
Slow down there and make sure that you're checking out all your options. You never know when people might want you to take part in something but not know quite how to ask you in time.
Communication is key right now, and you may need to engage in a little exchange of ideas with someone you wouldn't ordinarily speak with. Open up and you are sure to be amazed!
You aren't all that enthusiastic about the latest big news coming your way at home or at work -- but you've learned a few tricks about faking it through until others learn the flaws of the new.
You've got a lot of rules for around the house, but the most important of all involve your belongings. Today is the day you get to relax those rules a bit and see if you can find better ways of arranging them.
Someone wants you to take part in a new project with them, but you need to decline -- even if it sounds awesome. Your natural inclination is to walk away, and that's the right plan for you.
It's a great time for you to think about stuff more deeply -- you've got the mental clarity and energy to tackle even the most important issues! Get some insight from a good friend if needed.
You're having lots of fun with your friends -- and anyone else lucky enough to tag along! It's one of those days when you are full of great energy and ought to be able to convince almost anyone to get with it.
You and your amazing energy are incredibly attractive to the right people today -- so get out there and see what you can shake up! It's a great time for you to get new social grooves going.
Cash flow might be a problem for now, but it won't last forever. Keep yourself from any unnecessary spending for as long as it takes, and you should be back in the black soon enough.
Watch out for domestic disturbances -- from an unhappy mate to an overflowing toilet! It's just one of those days when you're not exactly sure what you need to do to keep up with life.
You need to open yourself up to all possibilities today -- including those that you find distasteful or even frightening. If you can see the truth in the chaos, you should be able to move ahead.
You're not always one for making big plans, but on a day like today, you really need to move ahead in a way that can't be handled by your pants seat. Sit down and write it all out.
Take pride in your work -- but try not to get carried away! Your ego may be seeking gratification just a little too much today, but you ought to be able to get what you need without putting anyone else off.
Try whatever it takes to really listen to people today -- you need to be open to almost anything! Great ideas are sure to come your way, but you can only make use of them if you understand them fully.
You aren't feeling all that great about how things have been going lately, and you almost certainly need to deal with something big that seems as if it might be ignored by everyone else.
Don't be too surprised if things get a little crazy today -- you need to make sure that you're on the right side of it all! If you have to turn your schedule upside-down, that's okay by you.
See if you can get some traction with your big plans today -- you need to add some details to your schemes if you want to make sure that you're really on the right track. Think it all through!
You're looking at things differently today, and that could mean that you need to share some new ideas or points of view with friends or family. Get out there and make the most of your mental energy.
How's your love life? It's about to get a lot better! You've got so much great energy coursing through your brain and heart that you should be able to put a spark in anyone you want.
Nothing can get in your way today -- you've got so much going on that it's hard to believe that you're only one person! It's the perfect time for you to step up and get people to change things.
People are harder to deal with today, but that's just because you all are on different mental wavelengths. Try to get them to see things your way, but don't expect much luck quite yet.
Family troubles are quite likely today -- but nothing you can't fix! It's best not to ignore anything that pops up today, because if it's left alone, you're likely to see it arise again, only much worse!
You're feeling the serious urge to make the world a better place -- and you might be able to pull it off! Your amazing energy is just right for volunteer work or for starting something big and new.
You're experiencing a little taste of what others go through every day -- and you may or may not enjoy it! Regardless, you should be able to face your people with even more wisdom than usual afterward.
Coworkers and neighbors are all highly strung today, so you may want to tread lightly to avoid setting off any hidden traps. If people do overreact, do whatever it takes to keep from escalating.
You are at a crossroads of sorts now, but instead of making a choice between two different alternatives, you need to choose how to expand your options. That's pretty exciting -- but time is short!
Expect nothing less than perfect solidarity today -- and if it's not forthcoming, go ahead and enforce it. People need to see that they've got to hang together at a time like this!
You may find that your people are tossing you curve balls all day long, but you should avoid asking for clarification at all costs -- the details are sure to be even more confusing than you had expected!
You ought to be able to get people to see things your way today -- once you've helped them out, that is. You're happy to help, but it turns out that they need a quid pro quo first.
Now is the perfect time for you to take another look at a hot new idea or big scheme that you had shelved a while back in order to deal with a crisis. You've got the mental energy to see it through!
You're feeling a strong connection with someone close, and you may be able to get them to open up. It may not be what you're expecting, though -- today is more about the intellect than emotions.
You may be able to instigate something seriously positive today -- so see if your people can get themselves ready for whatever comes next. It's a good time for you to take the lead in all things.
You and your family are in sync today, even if things have been strained lately. You may need to rely on subtle cues in order to figure them out, but you can certainly do it if you want!
You are feeling somewhat sassy today, and should be able to get others to see the lighter side of whatever they're doing. It's a great day for playing games -- even when you're the only one who knows the rules!
Your friends and family might need some serious help -- things are getting weird for them, but for you it's all par for the course. It's trivial for you to point them in the right direction.
Try to focus yourself outward today -- you've got to avoid the temptation to withdraw into yourself. You may have some meditation that needs to happen, but it can wait for another day.
You may get somewhat upset with a colleague today, but try not to take out your feelings on them -- that could end up backfiring on you in an important way by the end of the day!
Your thoughtful side is strong now, and you should find that things are much more interesting and engaging than usual. Spend some time considering options and planning for the future.
Push forward until you feel as if you're living in a science fiction novel -- you need to push the envelope as far as it can go! Things should get very interesting once you've had your way with them.
Say no to anything new today -- you need to consolidate what you've got going on already before you can free up any time. That may take longer than you want, but it's still important.
Your good-natured side is out on display today, so others may line up to ask for assistance. That's not such a bad thing, really, and you can get a lot out of helping others to succeed.
Try your best to focus on the big picture: career issues, family life and spirituality. You may be best off looking at practical issues first, but as long as you're serious, you can get lots done.
Try to just kick back and enjoy the smaller, sweeter aspects of life today -- there's no need to panic over the big picture! It's a good idea for you to blow off any major appointments for a few days.
You need to share something big with a friend -- it might be almost anything from a big purchase to a secret. Your social energy makes this kind of joint activity much more rewarding.
Things are looking good for you and your friends or family today, as long as you are leading the way, or at least lending some guidance. You high spirits make good times that much easier to reach.
You and your coworkers or family members need to be sure to communicate plainly and take greater care with each other -- misunderstandings aren't necessarily more likely now, but they can be costly!
You may stay up late worrying about something you've got no control over -- but that's all part of the solution. Sometimes you've got to provoke yourself to take action, and it might take some sleepy-headed thinking.
People are drawn to your ideas and energy today, so make the most of them! It's the perfect time to plant yourself firmly in the middle of conversations or meetings and guide the process.
You can make amazing progress toward your heart's desire -- if only you can figure out what it is! You're more in touch with your ambitions than usual, so get to the bottom of it and go for it!
Someone is trying to bowl you over on their way past you, but you don't have to let that happen. It's a good time for you to make sure that you're using every last bit of your reserves.
Your social skills should be incredibly useful in business-related matters today -- from getting a job to getting a loan. People see you in the best possible light, and you should make the most of it.
You need to ignore criticism today -- not that there should be that much coming your way! As long as you keep your thoughts free of outside influences, you should come up with hot ideas!
You're feeling pretty good about your own situation, so you can't help but notice when others are suffering. Today brings out your inner Good Samaritan and keeps you doing good deeds.
Finances are on your mind today, and you might be able to do something positive about them if you apply yourself. You may not like what you have to do, but you're willing to push things forward.
Shop around a bit -- there's just no need for you to jump on anything that seems good enough. Go for the best, whether it's quality, quantity or cut-rate price, and you won't be sorry at all.
Nothing seems to move at the pace you want it to today -- but you can still get work done. It's just that you're not as far along as you'd like, and that could mean that you start to get quite frustrated soon.
Try to show that new person in your life what you're good for -- help them with their basic needs or just show off a little. Your outward focus helps you make the most of the situation.
See if you can just enjoy the day's energy without trying to do too much. You may be in get-it-done mode for some reason, but you ought to be able to turn it off without too much effort.
You and your sweetie are getting along better than ever. If you're not partnered currently, you may find someone new who is surprisingly compatible -- maybe in a way you didn't know mattered!
You can't let yourself off the hook today -- things are too important! Fortunately, your great energy is helping you take care of business with much greater ease than usual, so go for it!
Keep up with paperwork today, even if it all seems to be too much for you. Even one unpaid bill can make life really freaky for you in the near future, so do what you can to make it all right.
Those who are most important to you are looking to you for confirmation of some kind -- you'd better be proactive and start dishing out the praise! It comes easily and makes the day go smoothly.
Today is perfect for reunions and other remembrances of things past. Your nostalgia circuits may get overloaded, but it's such good times that you may not even notice until you feel exhausted.
You've got to take care of things around the home front today, which should be pretty easy for you. If not, it's time to call in reinforcements, from a family therapist to a trip to the ice cream store.
Try not to make a big deal out of your latest opposition -- people are just naturally ornery today, and you might have to let them feel as if they've won before you can get on with your own important business.
Your words have almost magical power today -- as long as you're being indirect. Asking someone for a sandwich has the usual effect, but if you compare their eyes to fireworks, anything could happen!
Money issues are taking over your brain right now, so see if you can move in that direction without overturning any apple carts. You might be able to jump on a sweet opportunity if you watch out.
Who's in charge? That's the big question that is on everyone's mind today, and you may have to be the one to finally step up and spit it out for everyone to hear. Things should settle down soon after that.
You need to spend some time thinking about big issues, though you may also find yourself distracted constantly. It's one of those days, but you can still chew through some meaty ideas!
Try your best to avoid making big plans today -- you need to make sure that you are still flexible if circumstances change. They will do just that soon, but there's no predicting how it will happen.
Your logical side is making a splash today, and you should be able to get people to see the truth behind your ideas with relative ease. Some might object, but you can overrule them quickly.
Speak up today -- as much as you can! Things are pretty strange, but you might be able to clarify the situation if you make the effort to communicate with everyone with a stake in the proceedings.
Keep moving all day long -- it's fun, and it keeps you from feeling stagnant. Your great energy needs to be spread around if you want to make the most of it, so wander and see what you find!
Something new breezes your way, probably in the afternoon or evening. You feel thrilled -- maybe even honored -- and it's a good idea for you to follow up on it, wherever it may lead.
You and your creative energy need some release -- so put that big brain of yours to work figuring out what you want to do next! Make it as big and showy as possible, unless that's not true to your vision.
You may get somewhat frustrated with projects more sizable than making your lunch -- they tend to grow out of control quickly! You almost certainly need to draw on reinforcements to get much done.
Your attention is tripped up by something that seems much bigger than it really is -- which is not to say that it's unimportant. Try to follow up on it, dropping other projects as needed.
Your ability to get your point across is heightened right now and you ought to be able to reach even the toughest customers. Whether or not they are ready for you, it's not too hard to plant the seeds for later.
Keep your communication brief today -- chatter has to wait! Things are pretty great for you, but you need to make sure that you're not wasting any time on stuff that can be put off for later.
Let your mind wander today -- you need to just let others worry about what comes next, while you dither and put off big decisions. You can have lots of fun with life if you ignore the important stuff temporarily.
Don't despair even if things look dire -- the outcome of today's events is totally up to you! Try to push things just a little farther along and you might very well slide safely into home plate!
Things need a second look today, no matter where you find yourself. You may want to try a little mental flexibility in order to check it all out from multiple perspectives. It helps a lot!
Try not to worry too much about whether or not you're dealing with work issues properly -- you should see later that you're doing the right thing now. Others may not be so sure, though.
You may find yourself a little harder to control than usual -- so let yourself fly freely! It may feel weird to be caught up in such crazy business, but things are sure to settle down pretty soon.
Try to mess with a few minds today -- it's easy! Your great energy is perfect for getting folks to see that you are the center of everything, or at least that you're worth spending some more time with.
You're filled with great social energy that should help you bridge gaps with the stoniest clients or harshest hotties. You might not get exactly what you want, but you should appreciate the effort.
Don't let outside considerations get in the way of your free expression today. Something needs to give, and you are the one to push it forward. Others may try to influence you, but you have to stay true to yourself
Try to investigate the details of your current situation a bit more deeply -- you are sure to discover something odd but compelling! A new clue adds to your overall understanding of the puzzle.
Take extra care with the small stuff today, because otherwise, you may find that you end up with far more big projects than you can handle! Little details are all-important right now.
You're pretty creative even on your off days, and right now, you should be able to pull off some really amazing work! It's time for you to look into pushing the envelope even further along, and maybe shocking someone!
You've got a lot on your mind today -- and so does everyone else. That makes it all the more important for you to speak clearly and make sure that your people understand exactly what you mean.
Listen to your friends today -- not that you don't usually! Your social life is more important than ever right now, as your own energy is a bit lower than usual and you need others to fill in the gaps.
Your mate or closest coworker is harder to get along with than usual today, but you can reach an understanding of some kind if you keep pushing. Things are actually good under the surface!
You need to try your best to get your people to communicate today -- though at least a few of them are fighting. You can make solid diplomacy happen when you need to, so get on it!
People may rely on you too much for helping them get organized, but they wouldn't bother if you weren't so good at it! Lend a hand today and take pride in how everything comes together.
When people start yelling and screaming -- and that's likely to happen today -- just roll your eyes and let them get on with it. The outbursts are not about you, and you've got better things to do with your time.
Your thinking may not be as clear as you would like today, but that doesn't mean that you can't still have fun! Try not to get too serious with family or romance, though, or you never know where you'll end up!
You've got to take time out to really appreciate the smaller things in life -- it's just one of those days when things go wrong, but nothing so badly that makes you want to give up in despair.
Work off some of that excess energy today -- you've got more than you know what to do with, and a little exercise (even walking) wouldn't hurt. You should feel ten times better afterward.
You've turned inward today, but it feels right -- and it is. Let your energy light up the dark corners of your mind and you are sure to learn a few new things that keep you interested.
You can exert much more power today by letting go of something -- something that may have seemed vital to you just yesterday. Once you see how it all fits together, it should make more sense to you.
There's an awful lot going on today, but you can handle it all if you push yourself. Things are looking up, so just take your business one step at a time and you should be able to get it all done.
You're starting more than you're finishing today, but that's how you want it to be. Your energy might make you feel a little strange, but you can deal with that as you find new stuff to work through.
Even if the situation gets pretty tense today, you can still hold it together -- though you may grit your teeth harder than your dentist would like! Things should settle down really soon.
Take the time and energy to adapt to evolving circumstances today -- things are sure to get weird, and you just need to get a little weirder if you want to make the most of the opportunity.
Spend more time at home today -- you need to take care of some chores or just reconnect with your personal space. It's not so hard for you to make things right as long as you permit yourself the time.
You've got to deal with your family today -- it may be a huge blow-up or it may just be a quiet request for connection, but your sense of responsibility ensures that you take it seriously in either case.
You are feeling pretty keyed up today -- your energy levels may start out high, but they are pretty likely to bottom out at some point, too. Make the most of what you've got while it lasts!
You can be incredibly productive today -- in fact, you may not have much choice. There's plenty going on at home that needs attention, and you can make the most of your state of mind to get it done.
Someone you work closely with most days needs help with something cosmetic. It might literally have to do with their appearance, or it may be related to the way they arrange the pieces of their life.
If you've got pets, they take up more of your mental energy than usual. If not, you may be thinking about it on some level -- the need to be needed is pretty strong in you at the moment.
You can handle almost anything today -- your energy is just right for the issues you're facing. In fact, you may want to reach out and help a friend in need. Things can always get better
Someone who answers to you in some way -- maybe a child, maybe a colleague -- needs a longer leash. Experiment by letting them make a mistake you could prevent. Things should get interesting after that.
Trust your emotions today -- they can't steer you wrong. It's a good time to follow through with family and romantic promises, as you've got more than enough energy to do whatever's needed.
You may not be totally enthused about the situation, but you do know how to get things done. It's a good time for you to really step up and make sure that people are paying attention.
You're going through some pretty big emotions right now, but you're much more focused on how others are handling them. You're showing what you're capable of, and most folks like what they see.
Your thirst for travel is stronger than usual, so you may find that you are better off moving out on your own than staying pent up in an office or apartment. Even a crosstown journey is a thrill.
You may come across as somewhat arrogant today, but you're really just sure of yourself. There's no need to hide your true feelings -- just let yourself be yourself and all should be fine.
You're feeling a bit underwhelmed by how things are going today, but that just means you know you're about to really take off! When you're the underdog, everyone else had better watch out.
Be on guard against the worst kind of behavior in business and financial dealings. You should be able to prevent the worst of it if you get going as soon as you take notice of it.
Your intellectual side is more appealing than ever, and others should find your ideas and plans thought-provoking, to say the least. It's a good time for you to express your ideas clearly and forthrightly.
You've got big plans today -- and you should be able to make them come to life, more or less. Your hopes need some discussion before you can really get going on them, so find someone sympathetic.
Follow up on your wilder impulses today -- they may lead you to something big and bold and exciting! It's a good idea for you to take care of anything that must be done as early as possible.
You feel like a little kid showing off for older relatives today -- but that's just fine! Your exuberance is infectious, and you might inspire a few others to take pride in their own accomplishments
Someone thinks they're in charge -- and if they really are, you had better watch out! Authority goes to everyone's head today, and you might have to play defense until it all settles down.
Your love life gets a little boost today -- or maybe a big one! It all depends on what you need (not what you want, necessarily) and you should be able to get plenty of the good stuff soon.
Your body needs a workout of some kind -- you need to take a long walk, go to the gym or find some other way to use your muscles. Your amazing energy is focused on your physical body.
Use your amazing energy to poke around and get people to see that things can be better. You may not be an international celebrity, but you still get lots of respect from the right people.
Now is a good time for you to study a foreign language, learn more about other cultures or -- best of all -- plan a long trip. Your great energy should help you acclimate to almost anything.
You're hyped up over some new turn of events that seems to push back against something that had been really important to you once. The tension may provoke a new way of seeing things.
You've got plenty to be proud of, but you should try to relax a little and let others take the limelight right now. If you try, they're likely to just see you as trying to brag or claim too much.
Life could be a little easier, but that just means you need to take somewhat greater care to get everything lined up in a good way first. It may be a good idea to get some help getting organized.
Your fiery energy is pushing you onward and upward, and you feel too great to worry about the long-term. You can tell you're headed roughly in the right direction, and that's all that matters.
Your boss -- or someone else with power over you -- is much harder to get along with today, and you may have to figure out a few ways to get them to chill out so you can get your work done.
Express your admiration for someone or something -- you might be surprised how many people agree with you! It's a great time to find all the hidden connections between those around you.
Start something healthy today -- anything from an extra banana at lunch to taking the stairs instead of the elevator at work. Your devotion to the positive side of health should take off!
Your social energy is surprisingly strong today, and you can see right through the artifice people use to distance themselves from each other. It's a great time to really get to know the important people in your life.
Someone's unhappy with recent events, and may take their frustration out on you! It's time for you to duck and cover, or maybe to step up and tell them how it really is before they get all fired up.
You're pretty frisky today -- so much so that you might accidentally get someone mad at you, through no real fault of your own. Let it blow up and then blow over. There's no need to sweat it.
Your belief in yourself and your abilities is at its peak right now, and that means you can get almost anything done! Have fun and encourage others to explore their own secret passions.
You may not feel rich, but you can still lavish yourself with extravagance if you think laterally. You need to come up with some hot ideas to make yourself feel like the rock star you know you are deep down.
Be careful about your interactions with friends and family today -- it's all too easy for them to step on your ego! If you have to, try to just duck down and let them hash it all out amongst themselves.
You need to do whatever you can to keep your mind focused -- things are pretty crazy right now but if you can just take a deep breath and take care of one thing at a time it should all be just fine.
Someone needs your honest feedback -- but there's a fine line between brutal honesty and helpful words of wisdom. Try to place yourself on the right side of that line, tempting as it may be to play Simon Cowell.
Let your mind roam far and wide -- you need to deal with financial obligations, but you can still dream up a few creative schemes to file away for later while your left brain is engaged with spreadsheets.
Your focus on the big picture isn't paying off for you right now, but that just means that you need to narrow your view considerably and take a second (or third) look at the little details that are getting in the way.
Push yourself forward romantically by any means necessary -- you've got the right kind of good energy to really make a difference! It's a good time for you to step up to someone new.
You're on the verge of greatness, and may tip over into success today. Your great energy ensures that no matter what, you should at least be seen as a promising candidate by the right people.
You stumble across something that seems pretty big today, probably late in the afternoon. You may be inspired to do some research, as there's no way the facts you've got on hand can explain everything.
Debate is fun and worthwhile today -- you may be able to change a few minds, or at least to get people thinking in a new way. Engage anyone nearby if they assert something you think needs to be questioned.
Even if you feel like hiding out and just letting life happen, you still need to make sure that you're interacting with people. Socializing is key right now, and your good energy should make it fun.
Assert yourself in a new way -- you need to show the world that you are free from old bonds. Your independent spirit can't be denied, but it can be ignored unless you make a show of it.
You're seeing things that start to add up over the day, and you may want to let your awareness blossom into something bigger and better. It's a great day for you to keep your mouth shut.
Balance is incredibly important to you now, and fortunately, the world's energy is providing a push in that direction. It might mean a new beginning or ending, but you can handle whatever comes.
Your emotional state is a little messy today, but that's no cause for alarm! Every now and then you need to let yourself break down just a bit so you can rearrange all the pieces in a new way.
Whether you're at work or defending your new romance from a slump, you're feeling somewhat paranoid -- and maybe for good reason! You can outfox any plotters as long as you see them coming.
Your mood isn't all that perky today, but you can't be super-fun all the time, right? It's a good time for you to slow down and just let the world pass you by as you work through some old emotions.
The depth of your feeling is really amazing today -- it may be positive or negative, but you know for sure where you're at! It's a good day to express yourself, though you may intimidate someone.
Listen to your friends and family -- communication is huge right now, and if you aren't fully engaged with them, things could go off the rails very quickly. Take your time and explain everything.
Your reputation precedes you today, and others may be quite excited by what they think you have to offer. You don't disappoint, and it may be that you add to your own momentum as you get through your day's work.
You need to deal with a health-related matter today -- yours or a loved one's -- and you are surprisingly calm about it all, even if it's serious. Your mindset is perfect for this sort of thing.
If you just spent all day wandering through art galleries or staring at nature, you'd be content. You might not be able to get away with that, but your spirit is energized by beauty in all its forms.
You strike up -- or at least don't strike down -- a conversation with someone quite different from those you usually run with. It may open a new door, so take it as seriously as you can.
Other people are all acting solely on their own behalf today, so see if you can get them to do it elsewhere. You don't need all that selfish energy dragging you down, and you may just want to close your door for now.
You need to be a little harder on yourself than usual, but that's more or less what you're best at! Self-discipline can make your life so much easier in so many ways, and now is the time to really push it!
You may need to move around a bit so that you can get your finger in every pie in sight -- but that's what it's all about for you today! Your zippy energy keeps you on the move for as long as it takes.
Business deals need extra scrutiny today, and you've got the right mindset for that, as boring as it may be. Once you've moved beyond the basics, ask a friend or pro to look over the details.
Though you tend to be intensely pragmatic, on days like today, you have to stand up for what you believe in, no matter the cost. Your idealism works out well for you in the long run, so stick with it!
This is the perfect day to cross off all the chores from your to-do list that you've been dreading -- you could have fun doing almost anything! This should free up some mental energy for later, too.
Some are having a hard time communication today -- but not you! If anything, you may be the only one in your home or office who's able to strong together a few coherent sentences.
You may be the master of communication, but it's tough to play to your strengths when nobody is willing to listen! Try to focus on your own projects and let them come around to you later.
You're crossing all sorts of things off of your lists today, and you should also be having more fun than you had expected. Your amazing personal energy is perfect for blowing through work.
A friend pings you asking about another friend -- and your sudden awareness of your place in the network might make you pretty self-conscious. That's a good thing, though, because it helps you make positive changes.
You've got to pay closer attention to all the little details in your life today -- even if you'd rather focus on the future or the big picture. Drill down into the nitty-gritty and you can't go wrong.
You need to hide away from people a bit today, if only to regroup and rethink things a bit. You shouldn't have to take all that long before rejoining the world and having another go at it.
You are feeling pretty overwhelmed by all the craziness today, but that doesn't mean that you need to just crawl back into bed and wait it out. You can get the help you need if you ask around.
You are a people magnet today, and you should find that your ability to get people to do your bidding is quite strong. It's time for you to really open up and get folks to see what's really going on.
You need to avoid the temptation to get involved with new projects today unless you initiate them yourself. Your great energy ensures a measure of success, but others aren't as reliable.
If things are moving slowly today -- and they almost certainly are -- take heart. You can use the time to chill out and let things wind down so you're ready for the world when it picks up again.
Follow your gut and make sure that you're really paying attention when your intuitive side starts telling you what's what. You may have to backtrack a bit, but it is all worth it in the end.
Reflection is today's keyword, and you should be able to reach some new insights into your behavior and your feelings today -- if you're willing to take the time to think it all through.
Your love life may see a boost today -- or you may uncover a new passion for work or a hobby. Whatever it is, expect some serious intensity as you dive as deeply as you can into the new thing.
You're feeling pretty restless now, thanks to some wild energy that is driving you to distraction. It's not a bad time to get out of the house and wander, or even to take a spontaneous trip.
Use your excess social energy to make a new friend or to impress someone close to you -- it's pretty easy, really! If you do one favor for someone today, it should pay huge dividends.
You and your family need to really talk -- and you've got the right kind of energy to express yourself. As long as they are willing to listen, and possibly open up themselves, things should go well.
You need to make a change today, but it's not all that hard, really. In fact, you may be able to get your friends and family to sign on if you pitch it in the right kind of language for them.
Your emotions are pulling you down -- though it may not be to a negative place! You may just need to wallow in romantic feelings or otherwise disengage from the real world for a while.
You're going through quite a lot right now, but that doesn't mean that you can't get straight with someone close to you. In fact, your sense of imbalance may provoke you to say some things that are quite healthy!
You may lash out at someone who totally deserves it -- but doesn't see it coming. It's best if you give them fair warning so they can't draw on sympathetic bystanders for support.
Slow down and let others have their say today -- you need to make sure that you're not just barreling ahead on your own today! You should see some progress soon, though it won't be what you expect.
Have you been thinking about taking a class or doing some maintenance on your mind, body or soul? Now is the time to focus on yourself, and your growth -- there's no time like the present!
It may feel as if you've got a big decision facing you, but really, you're just feeling pulled in two very different directions. Let the stress exist on its own for a while, and things should ease up soon.
You are much more likely to say 'no' today -- but that is not necessarily a bad thing! You may find that your ability to put the kibosh on something sketchy is what saves you from a huge waste of time.
You're generally pretty much immune to peer pressure or other methods of knocking down your mental resistance, but today you find yourself much easier to persuade. Make sure it's the right person!
People need you to step up and say something -- there's no way you can get away with just letting the group reach its own conclusions. Move ahead quickly and get things done soon!
Your social life may be driving you crazy, but that's not the worst thing in the world. You ought to be able to avoid those who make you the angriest, but expect a bit of friction with almost everyone.
Secrets aren't safe with you -- but not for any malicious reasons! You just need to keep as quiet as you can if you're trying to cover anything up, even something as small as a surprise party.
Just because your boss or mate is in a big hurry, that doesn't mean you need to drop everything and attend to their neuroses. Take the time to be polite, but let them know you're on your own schedule.
Find out who's responsible for making decisions today before you get started -- you are at risk of working hard on something, only to find that some small aspect ends up costing you a lot of work.
Your social network is much more evaluable on days like today -- you know you need to make some progress, and that could mean that you need to lean on someone who'd rather just chill.
Try to take greater care when dealing with people today, especially in business or financial matters. Your intuitive side is working overtime, but your rational side may overlook some key details.
Someone new is fascinated by you. It may be a crush or something quieter, but your energy certainly draws attention away from the boredom of everyday life. Let it proceed for a while.
You feel like a doormat today, even though nobody else is really taking advantage of you. It may be old feelings bubbling to the surface -- try to turn them around into something positive!
See if you can get into something fun today -- it shouldn't be that hard! You may stumble into new, cool opportunities without even trying, and as long as you're active, it's all good!
You may have a hard time tolerating certain people around the house or workplace today -- especially if they're hung up on petty concerns. You can't hide the rolling of your eyes this time!
Your amazing energy should help you spread good cheer wherever you go, like you're an agent of Santa Claus! It's a really good time to meet new customers or potential romantic partners.
You're rightly skeptical of something or someone who's new to you today -- but you might not be able to get your people to see that they're not as awesome as they appear to be at first glance.
A little gamble isn't such a bad thing today -- as long as you feel comfortable losing. There's no way to be sure what will happen, but the effects on your psyche of small risks could be quite beneficial.
Keep your eyes on the prize today -- you need some structure and focus if you want to get anything important done! That's not usually so hard for you, but there may be quite a few distractions.
Be honest about your feelings, though your natural inclination may be to cover them up to spare those of someone close to you. Honesty is really the only way for you to go right now!
Financial issues are making you a little crazy right now but you can get past them, In fact, you've got to, as someone close is just about to head down the same path and you need to warn them away!
You're used to quick leaps of inspiration and speedy work when it comes to getting things done, but today is just slow for you and others, no matter how badly you want to get things out of the way.
If it feels selfish, you're doing something right! Today's energy is completely focused inward, so it's a great time for reflection, long walks alone or whatever it takes to reconnect with yourself.
Don't think too much today -- trust your gut and see if you can just follow it blindly wherever it takes you. Things are going well for you, but you sometimes need to make way for your intuition.
Your opinion isn't taken as seriously as you think it should be today, but that just means that you've got to roll with it and come back later when your boss -- or whoever -- is ready to hear the truth.
You and your crew need to get out there and explore the town today -- it's one of those days when there's nothing to be gained from sitting around the house or the workplace. Beat the streets!
Expect a boost to your love life today, even if you thought it was as good as it gets. Your amazing energy is just right for attracting the right kind of attention and making the most of it!
It's a great day to take stock -- you should find quite a lot to be happy about! Your good energy and good people should be perfectly synchronized, and you may run into a little streak of good luck.
Your finances are of somewhat greater concern to you today, if only because your mindset is better able to handle hard numbers and gritty truths. You may come out ahead if you apply yourself!
Show off your courageous side today -- it's as easy as a smile, given the way your mind is working. You can make a brave face, no matter what's going on, and inspire others to do the same.
You may not quite be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel yet, but that doesn't mean it's time to turn back -- it's just as dark behind you! If you press forward, things should get better soon.
You need to buddy up with someone you trust today -- the two of you can get almost anything done! Left to your own devices, you may waste time or get too distracted to focus on your work.
Check out some new people, places or things today -- your urge to explore is stronger than ever! You may not hit on the one hot new thing everyone will be talking about next month, but you should be happy.
Your connections may not number in the millions, but those you do have tend to be pretty tight. Use them today to help you overcome obstacles and open new doors -- don't be ashamed to ask for help!
You need to focus your efforts on creative projects, as much as possible. They should be more fruitful than you would expect, and lead to greater things quickly. Friends and coworkers are amazed!
Do your best to keep your cool today -- things aren't going to go your way exactly, but you can still get ahead if you just watch for opportunities and then jump on them right away.
You've got to put your own needs first today -- things are pretty crazy, but you still ought to be able to get your own priorities straight before taking on anyone else's business. Close that door!
Your sweet side is out in force today, so let others see that you're still on their side. You should be able to help the right people with the right projects and make life sweeter for everyone.
Let yourself fall into a reverie today -- you've got plenty of great emotional energy, and it's important that you let your subconscious make the best use of it. That could mean some long-term daydreaming!
Today is absolutely perfect for new endeavors -- of pretty much any kind! It may be best for you to try to look for new aspects to old skills or talents, or even to reinvent some part of your life!
Something pops up today that interferes with your plans -- and turns into quite a headache for you! The good news is that at least one person is watching to see how you respond to this challenge.
You need to hold back from any serious financial dealings -- things are crazy enough as it is! Also, your mind is on more spiritual matters, and that makes it harder to focus on facts and figures.
You just can't seem to make anything connect today, but that's okay -- you can still take care of the basics and just try for the big time another day. Things are sure to pick up soon!
See if you can get started on some of your crazier ideas today -- the universe is more flexible than usual, and should be more open to your efforts. Enlist support if you think you really need it.
Nobody seems to have their lives ordered as well as you do today -- but what else is new? You should see if you can find the time to reach out and help those closest to you, but don't break your back!
You blow someone away with the sheer power of your common sense today -- mostly because that is in such short supply today! You may be the only one able to see the first for the trees.
There's a lot of active energy buzzing around today, and you can make the most of it if you stay busy. Downtime is worse than unproductive -- it's downright counter-productive! Try not to sit down.
Speak out to your mate or your closest coworkers today -- they need to hear what you've got to day, especially if things have been frosty between you lately. It's a good time to open new doors.
It's a good time for you to be thinking about new projects -- including work stuff, home repair, travel, personal growth or pretty much anything that opens doors and keeps you engaged with the world!
Treat yourself to something nice -- a purchase you've been putting off, an early departure from work or whatever else feels right to your id. You don't have to go insane, but a little gesture is perfect.
Your credit card may be maxed out, but you still feel the urge to splurge today. Try not to do any major damage to your credit rating, but sometimes you can't deny yourself life's little pleasures.
See if you can inspire others with your righteous energy -- it may be somewhat tougher than usual, but those who do get it should light up like Christmas trees! A few of you working together can make a difference.
You don't have to try very hard to be a trend-setter today -- it's in your blood! You may find that people are naturally looking to you for leadership in many different areas, and you don't disappoint.
Your life is far more fun today, thanks to your personal reserves of good energy It's easy to share the good times, too, so those around you are almost certain to love you more by the end of the day.
Negotiations should go really well for you today -- even if you're speaking with those you've had major conflicts with in the past. It's a good day for you to step up and make the first move.
Spend more time with your friends today -- even if that means neglecting other responsibilities. They need you more than they are letting on, and some of them may not even know what they need.
Everyone's got something to say today, and while you might not agree with everything they say, you should at least try to respect their right to say it. That can go a long way toward good diplomacy.
You're in a pretty great mood today -- but you might be the only one! It's a good day for you to just kick back and enjoy life, though if you've got pressing matters, they should be easy to deal with.
Your mind is wandering all over the place, but that's not such a bad thing -- in fact, it may lead you in some really interesting directions. It's a good idea for you to stay anchored with someone close.
Make some art and ensure that your people are doing the same -- or at least open to the possibility! You are tapping a rich vein of creative energy that really merits considerable further exploration.
Your great energy is sweeping over you in a colossal wave -- and you're having a blast! It's a really good day for you to step up and see if you can get your friends and family on board, too.
Your bold enthusiasm is drawing attention from all sides -- and that's just how you like it! Use your great energy to ensure that whatever you get started with has enough momentum for the days to come.
You can have a good time out of almost any activity today -- your good energy is sure to keep you enthused and active even if you're stuck cleaning your kitchen or doing something else that's dirty.
You're pretty happy with the way things are going today -- it may be a good time for you to step up and tell the world! Your great energy pleases those close to you, if only because they like seeing you this way.
You're in a defensive position today, but that's cool -- in fact, you kind of need to keep it up if you want to come back fighting in the near future. Things aren't nearly as bad as they appear.
You may find that your coworkers or neighbors are fighting or causing troubles for you today -- things are more difficult than usual, in any case. It's just one of those days with minor social setbacks.
You're more concerned with security than ever before -- maybe you're going to get crazy with your passwords, or maybe you're going to check out the locks on your house one more time.
Your career needs attention -- even if you think you're exactly where you want to be. There is still room to climb, or maybe you need to consider a lateral move to keep yourself fully engaged.
Your flexible thinking should be a huge asset today -- so see if you can stretch yourself out even further than usual! It's a really good time for you to show others that there are more possibilities.
You're a little worn out from recent events, but that means it's a good time for you to re-evaluate something. It could get bigger and bigger, until you finally get to the point at which your values are on the line!
You're feeling pretty intense right now -- which could be good or bad. The odds are that you're feeling positive, but if you're down, take heart. Things should smooth out in the very near future.
It's tempting to go all-in today, but it's much better for you to maintain some semblance of balance in your life. See if you can get your family to guide you in a new direction of some kind.
You can make friends more easily, thanks in part to your own good energy and in part to other's willingness to look beyond their own circles. Make the most of this great opportunity!
It's best for you to deal with small projects or errands -- long, involved tasks are harder for you to complete. Your ability to focus isn't gone, just a bit diminished, so you can get back to that stuff later.
Taking risks comes naturally to you, and today you're even further out on the edge! It's a good day to ask out people you don't know or to invest a little mad money in something that's not quite a sure thing.
It's a good time to throw your weight around. You may have more authority than you had realized, at least when it comes to one arena or person of importance. Make the most of it while it's active!
You and your coworkers or family members are focused on success -- and you ought to be able to get them to reach new heights! Use the mental energy that comes with the day to push hard.
You know you're right, but that doesn't mean you can easily convince anyone else. See if you can get just one person to see things your way, but don't get all bent out of shape if they're the only one.
Something major happens pretty early today that changes your thinking -- possibly in a deep, primal way! It's a good time to really reconsider your thinking about the big issues in your life.
You're somewhat risk-averse today, but by no means timid! You just find it prudent to watch and wait instead of leaping ahead boldly and taking your chances. Go for something bold another day.
You've got to push through social boundaries today, no matter how delicate or awkward they feel. It's actually pretty simple to burst the bubble of tension, and you might see relief on a few new faces.
You should be able to get yourself through the day without stressing your mental powers too much -- in fact, you may find it more fruitful to just click on the autopilot and see where you end up!
Nobody seems willing to come out and say what they mean today -- how frustrating is that? You should just wait it out, because pretty soon, the ice should break and everything should be clear again.
Your mood is not everything it could be today, but you of all people know that life is cyclical. Let yourself droop a bit, secure in the knowledge that it won't be long before you're perky again!
You must keep your eyes on the prize! Discipline is the key to getting things done today, so you may have to set aside some plans or drop a fun activity or two in order to keep your schedule tight.
It's perfectly okay if you want to spend the day on your own -- in fact, you may need to recharge your mental batteries before social engagement even becomes worthwhile to you again!
Act out your schemes today -- even if they feel half-baked! Your energy is just right for getting things done, and you've already planned them out to the last detail, most likely. Go for it!
It's time for you and your people to pick a new leader. It may be formal or it may be totally down-low, but one way or another, the guard is changing and you can be a huge influence.
It's a good time to cross a few achievements off your list -- you never know what might be coming that could get in the way, but your energy right now is perfect for finishing off milestones.
You and a friend are likely to have a spat today, but it's nothing too crazy. You should do whatever it takes to patch up once it blows over, as you can't afford to lose any time or energy over it.
It's the perfect time to open you heart and mind to someone close -- they've got news for you that you really need to hear. Your good energy is just right for honest, open communication.
Your spirits should be higher than usual, and you ought to be able to deal with just about anything -- your personal energy is flowing perfectly! It may be a good time to play hooky and do your own thing.
It's a really fun day -- for you and for those around you! You feel much more connected with the people in your life, and should be able to have a good time with them, even if you're all working hard at the same time.
You've got some serious satisfaction coming your way today as you see all your big plans start to really come together. It feels good, but you still can't wait to get back into the game!
Don't let anyone bring you down today -- you've got ideals, and you need to make sure that you're speaking up about them! You can ensure the best possible outcome if you stand firm.
You're on track to try something totally new today, but it may be a while before it starts to make sense to you, the odds are good that you feel okay with that, though, as you're needing a diversion.
You may feel a thrill from out of nowhere today -- one that makes you wonder what's coming next. It's a really good time for you to get together with the people who mean the most to you.
You and your friends need to calm down a little -- any fights that start today are almost certainly based on something trivial, and you need to recognize what's most important in life.
Someone blows up over nothing today, leaving you to wonder what went wrong. It's probably not you, though -- you just have top deal with volatile people on days like today, so get ready for the blast!
Try your best to ensure that your people are dealing with each other as closely as possible -- one-on-one relationships are strongest right now. You can have a mighty strong influence yourself!
Your diplomatic side is out in full force. If anyone is fussing or feuding, it's up to you to make them stop, and you should be able to do so without too much trouble. Just smile and get to work!
You get an important message in your sleep tonight -- one that might take a while to translate. It's best if you can write down your dreams for review in a few weeks or months to see what you can make of it then.
It's time to act. If you have no idea what you want or need to do next, just pick something that seems good and go for it! You may need to enlist support, but you're a juggernaut on your own.
Someone is trying to get a rise out of you -- don't let them! It's nothing all that serious, but if they spot weakness, they are sure to keep pestering you for a good long time to come.
It's not the best day to rely on your schedule -- things are going to be a little off! That can be a good deal for you, though, as it might mean that you get to blow off someone you don't want to see.
Unexpected distractions or interruptions might get in the way of your good times today -- so see if you can get yourself back on track as quickly as possible! It isn't as hard as all that, really.
You still are riding a wave of amazing personal energy, and while you enjoy other people's company, you're in no mood for chit-chat. You'd rather get things done, with or without them.
No matter what you've got to deal with today, you should find that your mind is up to the challenge. It's a good time for you to show off your mental skills, actually, so don't be shy or you'll be left behind.
You need to be on IM or email for a chunk of the day -- someone important is impossible to reach face-to-face. That's easier than ever for you, as long-distance communication is your specialty today.
Try to slow down and let things happen at their own pace today -- otherwise, you are likely to interfere just a little too much! It's a good day for you to keep things peaceful and happy.
Your good mood is irrepressible today -- share it with others! It's a really good time for you to make sure that you're talking up any project or person you've got a stake in these days.
Now is a good time to start in a new direction -- at work, at home or anywhere else! Your great energy is perfect for getting people to hand off the resources you need to make a real difference.
Your family may be going through a rough patch today, but that doesn't mean that you can't get the basics across. Wait until tomorrow at the earliest for any serious conversations or interventions.
No matter how insane your friends and family seem today, you need to keep an open mind and try to get them to elaborate their nutty schemes. Bits and pieces really make sense to you!
Sometimes you need to nudge the skeptical part of your mind and make sure that it's paying attention -- and today is definitely one of those times! Something's not quite right, and you should see it for what it is.
You're quite surprised by how things have been turning out lately, so see if you can keep up the streak and surprise others with your own out-there antics. It's not all that hard for you.
Nobody disputes your organizational skills, and right now, you are showing everyone just how great they are. You're perfectly aligned with your files, possessions and projects.
Now is a good time for you to think far ahead and make plans for the future -- out beyond retirement, maybe! Your brain is perfectly suited to making sure each piece fits together perfectly.
You're a little too speedy for your own good today -- try to slow down some! If you must race through your schedule, you are almost sure to have to retrace a few steps at some point in your day.
Something that seems trivial could get really awful late today -- things are potentially explosive! It's one of those days when tempers can flare up over nothing and might burn for ages.
Something's not quite right with your friend's or mate's story -- but you're not so sure you want to probe! It might be all in your mind, and on days like today, you prefer the fiction section anyway.
It's the perfect day to start in a new direction -- it can be anything from a new romance to an eruption at work that leads to a new career path. You feel confident enough to pull off almost anything.
You're in the right frame of mind for education -- and you can pick it up almost anywhere! That prime mental energy is just right for absorbing new info and piecing it all together.
You may be playing games with your friends or coworkers, but everyone has signed on and agreed to the rules. It's a good time for you to get them to talk things over -- anything is possible!
Try not to get yourself too wrapped up in any big decisions today -- you need to mull and mull until you know for sure, and that might take a long time! If anyone is breathing down your neck, tell them off.
The weird situation that has been bubbling up over the past few days is boiling over today, but that just means you're ready to decide what's right for you. It should be pretty obvious.
Someone reassures you about the future -- from out of the blue! It may be a romantic partner letting you know they're in it for the duration, or maybe your boss lets you know not to make other plans.
Your way with words is exceptional today -- even for you! It's the perfect time for you to say what needs to be said, no matter who wants to hear it. Keep speaking until you're out of things to say.
Things are either great or awful today, but that's actually not so bad. If you find yourself out of sorts, the odds are good that the weirdness is internal rather than coming from anyone outside you.
It's a really good time for you to volunteer or otherwise change the world for the better -- your energy is best applied to the biggest possible group of people. You should feel inspired soon.
You need to make sure that you're keeping your cards close to your chest today, though you may want to rant and rave and try to get your people to see the injustice of it all. Time is on your side.
It's one of those days when you can tell that things are getting crazy -- and it may be manifesting in your body. Take better care of your health and make sure that you've got it all covered.
You feel a bit foggy today, but that could just mean that nothing is as clear as it usually is. Someone might get frustrated with you, so prepare for a tirade if you catch them at the wrong time.
Whatever you do, stay active today -- you've got to keep at it if you want to keep your energy levels in the red. It shouldn't be all that hard for you to step up and keep things moving all day.
Your sense of fun is primed and ready to go -- so see if you can round up the gang and go do something fun! It's one of those days when you can easily pick up the rules to any odd social situation.
If you've got kids, you are almost certainly on the same wavelength.  If not, now is a good time for you to spend time with the kids in your life. Babysit, tutor or just mess around with them.
See if you can get your people to waste some time with you as you wander and ponder -- you've got a lot going on upstairs! It's a good day to look for new options, rather than settle for second-best.
Use that intense energy to get something big done -- you can certainly push ahead by hook or by crook. Your morale is high, so it's likely that you can get through all sorts of new business.
Something in your life has to end today -- but it's almost certainly positive! Whatever you walk away from is almost sure to be long forgotten in just a short time. Let go and grab the next big thing!
You're enmeshed in a big group today, even if it's all online or even imaginary. Your ability to pick out the best advice (inadvertent though it may be) from random thoughts is epic!
Your love life is almost certainly going strong -- but it's not everything! Your social life is fully engaged, and you should find that people in your life are more interested in hanging out with you.
This is not the time for formal complaints or for going through channels -- you need to work your connections and make sure that you're trying your hardest to keep the flame alive.
You need to make sure that you're keeping your cards close to your chest today, though you may want to rant and rave and try to get your people to see the injustice of it all. Time is on your side.
It's one of those days when you can tell that things are getting crazy -- and it may be manifesting in your body. Take better care of your health and make sure that you've got it all covered.
You feel a bit foggy today, but that could just mean that nothing is as clear as it usually is. Someone might get frustrated with you, so prepare for a tirade if you catch them at the wrong time.
Whatever you do, stay active today -- you've got to keep at it if you want to keep your energy levels in the red. It shouldn't be all that hard for you to step up and keep things moving all day.
Your sense of fun is primed and ready to go -- so see if you can round up the gang and go do something fun! It's one of those days when you can easily pick up the rules to any odd social situation.
If you've got kids, you are almost certainly on the same wavelength.  If not, now is a good time for you to spend time with the kids in your life. Babysit, tutor or just mess around with them.
See if you can get your people to waste some time with you as you wander and ponder -- you've got a lot going on upstairs! It's a good day to look for new options, rather than settle for second-best.
Use that intense energy to get something big done -- you can certainly push ahead by hook or by crook. Your morale is high, so it's likely that you can get through all sorts of new business.
Something in your life has to end today -- but it's almost certainly positive! Whatever you walk away from is almost sure to be long forgotten in just a short time. Let go and grab the next big thing!
You're enmeshed in a big group today, even if it's all online or even imaginary. Your ability to pick out the best advice (inadvertent though it may be) from random thoughts is epic!
Your love life is almost certainly going strong -- but it's not everything! Your social life is fully engaged, and you should find that people in your life are more interested in hanging out with you.
This is not the time for formal complaints or for going through channels -- you need to work your connections and make sure that you're trying your hardest to keep the flame alive.
You're having a hard time dealing with authority figures today -- they're just driving you insane for some reason! It's a really good day for you to keep to yourself and keep the mouth shut most of the time.
Now is a really great time to take care of your health in a positive way. Get organized, track information and walk up an extra flight of stairs -- you have what it takes to make things work better for you.
Communication is a bit more difficult than usual right now, but you can expect more clarity soon. If you ask for more time, it's a safe bet that you'll get it. Don't make any firm decisions!
Your charming side is out in force today, so make the most of it! You should find a few opportunities to impress potential romantic partners or business associates, and it's easier than ever.
Your energy is better spent on closings than openings today, so make sure that you're doing whatever you can to clear off your desk and otherwise make sure that you're ready for what's coming.
You need to focus on the numbers this time -- even if you can't figure out how to find them! Use your big brain to track down the figures you need, and then everything should start to make sense.
You're in a good groove today, and should be able to prove to almost anyone how dependable you can be -- all you have to do is act naturally! You may impress someone so much they give you a new title of respect.
Your mind and spirit are running more deeply than ever, so now is the best time to go spelunking in your subconscious. You may pull out some artistic notions or a new direction for your life!
Get back to nature, if that's at all possible -- your great energy makes a brief communion with the woods or surf incredibly rewarding! It's a great day to take a break from your routines.
Listen to your buds today -- even those you don't know all that well. They may have some tips or jokes you haven't heard yet, and you could stand to dig up more social business.
Try not to focus all your energy on friends and family, important as they may be. You've got the right mindset to deal with work or career issues that have been on your mind for quite some time.
Keep tossing out ideas today -- you need to stay at the front of the pack, and you should be able to impress all the key players with your brainstorms and inspirations.  Get to work soon, though!
Risks are rewarded today -- though not all of them pay off in the way you might expect them to! Go ahead and make a few plays that feel close to the edge and see how far you can take it.
It's vital that you step up your efforts to get things done today -- otherwise, you never know what might go wrong! Be as forceful as you can be without stepping on anyone's toes.
You may want to deal with your long-range plans today, but it may be better for you to drill down and explore the details. In fact, if you do so, you are sure to find that you've got lots to do at that level.
It's vital that you stay positive throughout the day -- though there are sure to be moments when your patience is tried! Your constructive criticism is essential to getting anything done.
It's a good time for you to get your people to rally to the cause -- whatever that may be! It could be a deadline or a party, but you can keep them all motivated and more or less enthused to the end.
Watch out for bureaucracy and bureaucrats of all stripes today -- they seem to have it in for you! It's hard to avoid the red tape, but if you can put it off for a few days, you should do better later.
Drill down into the facts and figures underlying your big plans today -- they almost certainly need some tweaking, and you've got the right mindset to set them back in place right away.
You're thinking about making some significant changes in your life -- and now is the time to go for it! You may be surprised to see how similar your future life is to your past, though.
Your closest connections are more important than ever today, so make sure that you're in touch with your partners -- business, romantic and other. It's a good time to clear the ground between you.
Someone isn't quite what they seem to be today, but you may want to let the illusion stand if it's useful to you. Let them know you're on to them, but don't make any threats you can't follow up on.
It's a good day to do nothing -- you're waiting for a new burst of inspiration, and it's coming tomorrow or thereabouts. If you can blow off your appointments, that would be perfect.
You and your friends are struggling a bit over who's right and who's wrong -- but there's little room for compromise! You may need to just walk away for the time being if you want to avoid a fight.
You pick up on someone's subtle signals late in the day and should be able to parlay that into a much stronger relationship. It may be romantic or business, but you should be better off tomorrow.
Watch your temper! You are prone to extreme behavior today, which should be fine -- exhilarating, even -- as long as you keep yourself from boiling over. Things should settle down in a few days.
Your psychic powers are stronger than usual today, so expect some big jolts as people's souls reveal themselves to you. It's a good time to file information away for alter use, rather than taking direct action.
You've got some big-time financial dealings to take care of today, though they may not feel all that dramatic to you. It's a good time to let yourself take a few small risks -- as long as you can afford them!
You are face-to-face with a legal issue that may be quite complicated -- but that doesn't frighten you! If anything, it makes you more determined to understand it or fight it to the end.
You are almost certainly too focused on the future -- but now is the time to drill down into the nitty-gritty! It may take some effort, but it is sure to pay off in the very near future.
Someone close to you indulges one of your pet obsessions, and you couldn't be happier. It's a good time to open up even more about stuff that you think is important, as it's easier to grasp.
You discover a new resonance between you and your partner -- in romance, business or something else. It's a really great time to get closer and make sure that they understand your compatibility.
Keep it simple today -- you need to make sure that you're just doing what needs to be done, without any frills or complications. Life doesn't have to be intricately designed, after all!
Try not to overwhelm anyone with questions today -- least of all yourself! Self-doubt and other self-destructive tendencies are dangerous right now, so make sure you're keeping it positive.
An act of kindness leaves you feeling all warm and fuzzy inside, but it doesn't take you long to kick into gear and repay the favor. Life is great, and you feel like a part of something big.
A strange emotional state washes over you midday, and you might have to duck out of work or other responsibilities in order to take care of it. Life should get a bit simpler in the near future, though.
Your social energy makes you a hot property today, so get out there and mix it up with your people! It's easier than ever to make new friends or sell yourself to those who need your skills.
You are at your best as part of a team -- or as part of a polarity! Whether you're working together or pulling against each other, you and one other person have formed a tight relationship.
It's the best time for you to get started on a creative project of some kind -- maybe a new artistic direction, or maybe a whirlwind of home improvement. Your good energy is directed outward.
Bring on an avalanche of new ideas -- from yourself or your people -- to kick-start the next phase of your work or home life. You've got some great mental energy to work with, after all!
You've got to do things your way today -- and who's going to stop you? It's a great time for you to rebrand yourself or to be more open and honest about how you see things. People respect that!
You're not bored, no matter how little is going on -- your rich inner life keeps you entertained long after you would ordinarily lose interest in work or chores. You can do anything!
It's time for a full stop when it comes to money or finance -- you've got to take time to think things through. The odds are good someone is trying to fast-talk you, though, so resist them firmly.
Try to choose your words more carefully today -- even if everyone else seems to be shooting from the hip! You may distinguish yourself with your bon mots or thoughtful replies to dumb questions.
Your mental energy is perfect for deep thinking today -- but you need to be ready for action, too! Stay as alert as you can for new opportunities while you ponder what has to come next.
You've got to bob and weave in order to keep from getting hit today -- there are obstacles everywhere! It's a good time for you to get help from those closest to you, but they may have troubles, too!
Your ability to attract the right people is quite strong now, and it's a great time for you to step up and make sure that you're getting noticed! Romance, jobs and new friends are all easier to come by.
A call from a parent or some other family elder brings your mind back to the old days, and it feels pretty good. Your nostalgia can't help you move forward, but it's nice to dwell in it now and then.
You're Getting more than you expected from a friend or family member today -- and your thanks is all the reward they need! It's one of those days when you're glad to be where you are, so show it!
You're feeling more than a little attached to someone today -- and that may or may not be a good thing! It's a great time to reconsider your relationships and decide what to do about those you don't like.
People are incredibly sensitive to ego today, so do what you can to keep your opinions to yourself. If others seem to be bragging, you can be sure that their efforts will backfire on them soon.
Watch out at work today -- or in other fields outside the home. You're not in any real danger, but you might find that others are working against your interest. They should be easy to stop.
You're feeling even chattier than usual, which is really saying something! Your amazing social energy should help you get almost everything you need through conversations with the right people.
You need to get involved in as much as possible today -- your great mental energy helps you sort it all out, and your capacity for boredom is shockingly high! Complicated projects are best.
You should find that your ability to really connect with people -- especially your mate or your new crush -- is stronger than ever before, and you should go out and try to make the most of it right away!
You're feeling a little lost today, and for good reason -- you're not getting the guidance you need! Unfortunately, that guidance is not forthcoming today, so try to find your way without a map.
Something you're trying to get done today is almost sure not to work out -- the time just isn't right! That doesn't mean you should give up, but you should try to defer it for a few days at least.
Your hearty is singing today! It's one of those days when you can tell that things are looking up for you and yours, and you may want to share some of that optimism with the right person soon.
You need to deal with something today -- but you've got nine times as much energy as you need! Find something fun to do afterward, and that's sure to lead to all sorts of other great stuff down the line.
You can stand up to almost anyone today -- it's easy! You should see if you can get your boss or cranky neighbor to chill out, if only by showing them that you can take the heat as long as they can dish it.
You're making a big show out of something that's ordinarily pretty low-key, but that's fine -- now is the best time to make a splash! Someone likes what they see, though it may take them a while to say so.
Make sure that you're watching out for your own weird behavior today -- because everyone else sure is! You may feel unfairly singled out, but you can at least avoid the spotlight.
You have go to face reality -- and that's not much fun! The good news is that you're in the best mind state to do just that, so see if you can get your mind wrapped around your latest mix-up.
Something thrilling goes down early today -- and leaves a lingering sense of excitement that builds throughout the day. It's a good time for you to look into pushing forward with something new.
You hit on something really big today -- so big that everyone around you has to take notice! Use that amazing energy to blow past whatever shreds of resistance to your charms still remain.
Your good mood is mighty infectious -- so share it with as many new carriers as you can! It's one of those things that's totally free to give, but creates tons of goodwill in everyone around you.
You and a coworker are fighting over something that seems small to outsiders, but means the world to you in the context of work. It may be time to call in some reinforcements, so don't be shy!
You've got to be more flexible today -- people are counting on you! It's a good time for you to step up and make sure that they're all able to tell you exactly what they need so you can meet them halfway.
Things shouldn't be this hard for you! Today's energy is struggling against yours a bit too much, so you may want to call it quits early or find some other way to put off any important business until tomorrow.
Get to work on something new -- you've got hot ideas for days! It's a really good time for you to check into something that your friends can get involved in, too, as you need that social element.
The details of your latest project are unimportant -- though you are tempted to wallow in them! Just take another look at the big picture and wait for the good stuff to start rolling your way.
You're in the middle of a lot of things right now, but you should try to focus on one at a time. Interruptions are sure to come your way, but you can still make the most of the time you have.
Your social skills are fully functional today -- so much so that you may strike up a conversation with someone you'd ordinarily never connect with. It's a good thing for both of you!
Try your best to get some of your people to fill you in on the latest -- you've got to hear all the dirt! If nobody's talking, your detective skills don't fail you, and you should find out what you need to know.
Get to know the people you have to deal with today -- if you don't already know them inside and out! It's a really good time for you to look at things from wildly divergent perspectives.
Someone needs your help today, and you should do whatever you can to make their lives a little better. You need to rack up some extra karma if you want to succeed in the times ahead!
A financial offer or deal comes your way today that seems great -- but you need advice first. It's a good idea for you to check with a good friend or mentor before diving into anything new.
It's harder than usual for you to handle authority -- in your hands or anyone else's! It's a really good time for you to ensure that your family is striving toward an egalitarian arrangement
Something small your sweetie or someone at work says to you endears them to you all over again, and your great energy spills over to put everyone nearby in a good mood. Life is sweet!
Have you been putting off a big project or something ambitious? You need to make sure that you're moving today, to take advantage of your amazing energy. Everything should click for you the first time.
Your goals are all within reach -- or most of them, anyway! Your great energy helps you clear off your plate as much as possible and make way for anything new that happens to come along.
Buckle down today and do your best to take care of all the little things that need to get cleared off of your desk or inbox. Your energy is best spent on detail-oriented work, even if it's boring!
You can't make much headway today -- it feels like you're walking against a heavy wind! If you can sit down somewhere comfortable and just reflect on your situation, you should be back in the game soon.
You settle back down to earth somewhat -- what a relief! You may not feel as energetic today, but you do at least feel able to cope with family and other social matters of great importance.
Your social skills are fully functional today -- so much so that you may strike up a conversation with someone you'd ordinarily never connect with. It's a good thing for both of you!
Try your best to get some of your people to fill you in on the latest -- you've got to hear all the dirt! If nobody's talking, your detective skills don't fail you, and you should find out what you need to know.
Get to know the people you have to deal with today -- if you don't already know them inside and out! It's a really good time for you to look at things from wildly divergent perspectives.
Someone needs your help today, and you should do whatever you can to make their lives a little better. You need to rack up some extra karma if you want to succeed in the times ahead!
A financial offer or deal comes your way today that seems great -- but you need advice first. It's a good idea for you to check with a good friend or mentor before diving into anything new.
It's harder than usual for you to handle authority -- in your hands or anyone else's! It's a really good time for you to ensure that your family is striving toward an egalitarian arrangement
Life is a little better today, and you can have fun doing almost anything. You may find that you start to get more tired than usual tonight, but it's certainly worth it! Share the good times.
You are finally recognized for something that should have been seen long ago, but was missed by all the key players. You should be able to work this into something bigger and better!
Your mind is even more structured and organized than usual today -- which is saying quite a lot! Jump in to planning or implementing complex schemes, as you should be able to move with them easily.
Buckle down today and do your best to take care of all the little things that need to get cleared off of your desk or inbox. Your energy is best spent on detail-oriented work, even if it's boring!
You can't make much headway today -- it feels like you're walking against a heavy wind! If you can sit down somewhere comfortable and just reflect on your situation, you should be back in the game soon.
You settle back down to earth somewhat -- what a relief! You may not feel as energetic today, but you do at least feel able to cope with family and other social matters of great importance.
You've got to spend more time than usual composing emails or chatting with customers, but your ability to charm is off the charts, so it should all go extremely well for you all.
You are even more helpful than usual to family members and coworkers -- some of whom don't even realize they're being helped! Your karma is practically glowing after all is said and done.
Take a second look at your most important relationships -- your social energy is just right for asking big questions and reading people to see what they're really thinking (or close to it, anyway).
Today is the day for you to begin something new -- preferably something you have been planning for quite some time! You may want to step up the pace a bit if you need to squeeze more work in.
Your energy feels just right today, and you almost certainly find that people are paying attention to you when you speak. You may be able to sway opinion, if you care enough to take a stand!
You are being asked a few too many questions today -- and you may have to answer them all! The good news is that almost all of them are seeking advice or basic info, rather than personal business.
You're enmeshed with coworkers or neighbors in a new way -- and you like how it's working out! It might be a good time for you all to start something new, or just to bond in a new venue.
You stumble on something trivial midday, but it shakes you for a while. It's a good time to take a second look at your working or living arrangements and see if you can avoid this in the future.
Indulge your art-loving side by visiting galleries, checking out new music online or finding some new way to look at the place you live. Your great energy is perfect for making life beautiful!
You may find that people are harder to handle today, but it's not such a bad thing, really. Just make sure that you've got some time to yourself so you can regroup and think through all the mixed messages.
You see things that almost everyone else is missing -- details that are much more important than they appear. Keep poking and prodding until you get a better sense of the big picture.
Business is a little more brutal than usual today, so you may need to step back a bit and try to get your partners or coworkers to take over. Things should relax quite a bit by tomorrow.
You might not have a nemesis, but it starts to feel like that by the end of the day. One person or organization in particular seems to have it out for you, but actually it's just a short-duration glitch.
Try to slow down today -- things are too crazy! If you're patient, you can get enough done to call it a day, but if you try to rush anything through, you are sure to end up farther behind.
Today brings at least one new way of seeing your situation -- one that feels more balanced! It's a great day to start to feel normal again after a long period of wondering where you were headed.
Your social energy is pretty strong right now, and you're so sure of yourself that you can let your own business go on autopilot. It's time for you to reach out and help a friend or family member.
You're at your best in pairs or small teams today, and that great social energy means you should be able to pick and choose your partners. It's a great time to delegate and get lots done.
You can't get anywhere today without speaking plainly and clearly. You need to make sure that everyone knows exactly where you stand, even if it takes all day to get to that point.
You're feeling more positive about your health -- and that doesn't just mean you're enjoying it! It's a great time to take positive steps to get yourself better and better mentally and physically.
You've been so good lately -- what's the harm in a little indulgence? Well, it might be a very big deal if you go whole-hog, so do whatever it takes to rein yourself in today, especially with spending!
Your creative and practical sides are perfectly aligned today, and that gives you a big leg up at work or anywhere else you have to compete. You may find yourself on track for a big promotion!
You're full of great mental energy, and finding inspiration all around you . The best part is that your friends or coworkers can pick up the various projects you get started on today!
It's time to put that energy of yours to good use -- romantically. Your ability to attract attention, or to focus it on your sweetie, is stronger than ever, so make the most of it while you can!
Your friends need you to respond quickly when they need you today -- and you should be able to use just a little bit of that good energy of yours to help! Make sure that they see you in action.
Domestic issues are paramount for you today, and you should take them quite seriously -- even if they involve kids blowing things out of proportion. Just take a deep breath and try to stay calm.
You need to blow off any big decisions for as long as you can -- things are just not where they need to be yet! If you are forced to make a call, see if you can get others to sign on before you pull the lever.
Someone close to you needs to distance themselves -- but it's almost certainly temporary! Everyone needs space sometimes, and if you set them free, they're almost sure to return to you soon.
Try to get some time alone today -- even if you work with a huge crew or have an active family! Sometimes you just need to recharge your emotional batteries before you can return to the world.
Your ego may need some first aid late in the day after a bruising meeting or announcement -- but there's good news, too! Once you've moved beyond personal issues, everything seems to look good.
You should be going through some strange mental upheavals today -- but they're almost all good for you! Expect some weirdly symbolic moments and deeply resonant conversations throughout the day.
You are feeling a bit stranger that usual today, especially when you confront your sweetie or the person you want to play that role. Your sensitivity is actually a huge asset, though, so make the most of it!
You should keep your mouth shut as much as possible today -- but not because you're likely to embarrass yourself! No, you've just got a lot to learn right now, and others are spilling the beans.
Enjoy the rush of social energy that comes with your latest accomplishment -- you may have hit a new level of prestige that sets the bar even higher for next time! Things are looking up indeed.
You are having too much fun to be believed today, and it may be that you've got to push away from your peers in order to follow your bliss. It's one of those days when you've got to do your own thing!
You need to share your playful energy with people today -- coworkers, customers, strangers, family members and anyone else who seems like fun. They should respond in the best possible way!
Your brain power is legendary, and today is the day for you to remind the world what you've got. Solve problems, score high in tests and offer clever advice for those who need it most.
Your intuitive powers are surpassing everyone else's, but they may confuse you more than help. Now is a good time to look skeptically at all plans and projects and only say yes to those you really believe in.
Something clicks inside -- probably relatively late in the day -- and you feel yourself healing at an accelerated rate. It's probably spiritual or psychological, but you aren't saying no to renewal!
Say no to everything today -- unless your gut check tells you it's perfectly okay. You may need to step back a bit and see if you can get your people to give you some advice. It should be solid.
Things are getting weird for you down beneath the surface, and you may have to deal with some extremely strange feelings. That's fine, though -- you are fearless enough to confront anything!
What's going on with your friends or neighbors? You need to re-examine your social issues at much greater length, because there's quite a bit more going on than meets the eye at first.
Your craziest dreams are all coming to life today -- so much so that you might decide to go for something extra ridiculous! It's a good time to try to shoot the moon or otherwise live large.
Your intense feelings about someone or something are starting to make life a bit more difficult for you -- but keep going! Once you push past all this weirdness, things start to get a lot better!
Your curiosity is piqued by a comment early in the day, and you may spend quite a while ferreting out an answer. Your intellect is strong, and your detective skills are even stronger, so go for it!
Your friendly energy is perfect for small-scale social engagements that keep you busy all day long -- and keep those around you happier than ever! Make sure to include them all in your day's business.
You need to be a bit more calculating in your affairs today -- even if it feels like you're thinking too much! It's one of those days when you really need to make sure that every last pin is lined up just so.
You need to make a big decision -- one that might have an impact on your relationships with friends and family. It's okay to be a little selfish, but there will of course be consequences.
You're not all big ideas and individualism -- sometimes you need to feel like you're an important part of society! Today is perfect for leadership, volunteering and other activities that put you in the thick of it.
Even though your friends are all talk today, you're not exasperated. In fact, you can listen to them banter and brag all day long without feeling restless -- it's just one of those days!
This is not the time to sign anything -- you need to pull back and inspect the deal more thoroughly first, Even if it all looks good, put off any final agreements until tomorrow or even later.
You've got some serious thinking to do today, but it shouldn't take nearly as long as you had thought it might. The left side of your brain is operating at a higher frequency, so things just click for you.
Your thinking is far clearer than usual -- even if you still feel confused! It's a great time to write things down and order your thoughts in a way that helps you feel more confident about the future.
That big brain of yours is working perfectly today, so power through some chewy ideas or big plans and make with the thrills! Your people are sure to be amazed at what you come up with this time.
You've got a lot going on inside, and now is the time to reconcile the two sides of your personality. It's a good day to ensure that your people are clear about where you're at (for the time being).
If you're looking for love, now is the time to try someone new and maybe quite different from your usual type. Your mind is the best resource you've got, so seek out someone who resonates with you mentally.
One more thing lands in your lap early today, and that might be the one that makes you wonder why you bother. Don't give up -- but do take time out to regroup and confront all your projects with a fresh approach.
You really want to take care of something, but now is not the time. Do your best to delay gratification, and see if you can get your people to give you a hand when you do finally decide to get started.
You stumble upon someone's scribbled note or unsent email that speaks to a part of you that you hadn't realized was still listening. It may intensify your romance or lead to something entirely new.
You need a personal assistance or someone else to sweat the details -- you've got too much going on! In fact, you need to shift your focus to the big picture as soon as you possibly can.
A stroke of genius hits you, probably quite early, and you feel inspired to get to work right away. It's a good time for you to get others to sign on for your big project -- they want to be part of it!
You are forced to look at life from a very different perspective today -- it's hard, but it's not impossible. See if you can drill down into the new details that come your way so you can get ahead of the game.
Believe it or not, you've got all the info you need to make a real difference today. Just riffle through your notes (online or otherwise) and you should see a pretty complete picture develop.
Open your mind up even farther -- if that's possible! Your great mental energy guarantees that new points of view are perfectly illuminating, and you may stumble into some new direction in life.
You can't stop asking people questions today, even when they don't want to stop to explain themselves. It's a good thing in the long run, though you're sure to ruffle a few feathers today.
You stumble across something new today that merits further exploration. It may be a romantic lead, a job opening or a new section of town, but if you follow your nose, you should learn plenty.
It's time for you to make a big decision -- but it's one that should be pretty easy for you. Basically, you need to choose a target for your affection (romantic or otherwise) and then go for it!
Your energy is pretty stable right now, which means you're in a good position to tackle relationship issues. That doesn't just mean romance, though you may want to start there first.
You don't have to try very hard to understand people today -- they just naturally make sense to you! Your great social energy means that you can focus on the bigger issues if you like.
You are almost certain to hear some good news today -- and you've waited long enough for it! Make sure to express the right amount of gratitude when it starts to flow your way and all will be well.
Try not to let anyone pin you down today -- things are tough enough as is! Your ability to deal with details is a little slack right now, but if you can blow people off for another day, all should be well.
You're moving in a good direction right now -- one that almost certainly leads you somewhere you've been before. You don't always have to blaze trails in order to get the most out of life!
Your sweet nature is out on display today -- and it may be enough to keep others from fighting without your even having to say much! Try to stand between opponents in an effort to calm them down.
You can't make up your mind about the simplest things today -- even breakfast seems an impossible challenge! Find a way to leave it to chance or put off any big decisions until much later.
Your usually intense personality is magnified even more today, so expect others to bow to your will or at least find themselves attracted to your ideas. Things can get really interesting, really quickly!
You aren't in the mood for nonsense today, but you also find it incredibly difficult to say no to people. It's a good idea for you to hang back and do things on your own for now.
Let your heart have its way with you today; you've got to let your emotional side take control every now and then in order to get back on track. It's a really good time to tell someone how you feel.
Superficial answers aren't working out for you right now, so see if you can get your mind wrapped around something a bit deeper. You may have to take the day off to ponder alternatives, but that's okay.
You're moodier than usual today, but that could just mean that you sense the imminence of something big. Keep waiting, and don't try to worry overmuch about your feelings -- they will sort themselves out!
Your deepest emotions are coming out to play now, and that could mean that you need to set aside some alone time -- or some time with your sweetie. It's a great time to explore your feelings.
The deeper you look into today's big mystery, the weirder it gets -- up to a point, that is. If you keep at it doggedly, you should find a surprisingly pleasing answer to your questions.
You need to step back from the situation -- but that is pretty easy for you, especially on a day like today. You can judge things objectively and keep from displeasing anyone too much.
Get to know someone at work -- maybe a customer -- and deliver whatever service you can to them. Today is one of those days when it's easy to make a good impression if you take the time.
Try to get back to business, even though you may not be feeling quite up to it. You can stuck it out -- and you may even surprise your peers with some seriously ruthless decisions!
Get serious about your career -- your mental energy is perfect for serious, far-thinking work. It may be a good time to brush up on your interviewing skills or bust out with a new resume.
Your heart is going through quite a lot these days -- it may be that you've got to make some big changes! They should be all positive, though, so don't worry too much about where you're headed.
Whether you want it or not, you are the center of attention today! You can use that magnetic energy to get things done your way (the right way, that is) or you can just coast and enjoy the ride.
Try not to get too upset over the big decisions you face today -- your energy is probably directed inward.  That just means it's time for reflection and research, rather than brash action.
Make the most of your good energy today -- you can open new doors and meet new people with ease! You're sure to surprise at least one person who thought they knew you inside and out.
You're looking into something that means a lot to you -- and you should find some really interesting information soon! Your great mental energy helps you make the most of your resources.
Just listen to your mate or coworker today -- you need to get all the info you can before responding. Once you've heard them out, make sure you let them know you understand their point of view.
You need to make the most of your great energy today -- people are sure to see you in the most positive light! Whether your goal is a new job, a new love or a whole new life, it's yours for the asking.
Someone is desperate for your help -- but may feel awkward asking. Use your intuition to divine who's in need and what you can do -- but check in with them before taking care of it all!
Your affinity for cultural events and artifacts is quite strong today, so get arty! You may find that your people aren't as ready as you, but your inspiring leadership might turn the tide quickly.
Do something positive to take care of your health today -- it's the best time to make a real difference! You may have to step up and get your family to help out, or even to join in so you all can share the benefits!
Whatever you are doing today, you need to do it to the utmost! It's one of those days when half measures are worse than nothing, so get out there and live life to the fullest all day long.
Your emotional side is out in force today, and it may be having an effect on your job, schooling or other important business. That may be a good thing! Follow your heart and see where it leads you.
An impulse buy leads to a wild-goose chase -- but it's one you can't afford to give up on! The ride is far more important than the destination, and you end up feeling lovely about the whole thing.
You're on a tear over some new issue that matters a lot to you -- though maybe not so much to others. Take a deep breath and try to see things from their POV, if only to make convincing them easier.
You can take care of almost anything today -- you've got the drive and the skills, and nobody can stand in your way. It may be a good time for you to tackle something that seems daunting.
You've got a lot to be excited about -- but you need to get some perspective! Your friends hear you out for a while, but it's way too easy to go on and on without giving them the opportunity to respond.
You feel a bit more laid-back and quiet than usual, but that's not a sign of anything bad! You're just feeling the energy ebb away for a little while, and that's perfectly natural. The surge is coming!
You are starting to get one of your peers or family members in a new way -- it's a good time to wait and watch them more carefully. Your good energy is perfect for improving your social standing.
Go for something bigger and better -- you know you deserve it! Your good energy helps you pursue your goals in a healthy way and ensures more success than you would have expected.
You've got enough good energy to go all day and all night -- no matter what you're doing! Marathons of mental or physical activity are best, though you can do well in almost any situation.
Give yourself a present today -- it can be tiny, but it should mean something to you. Every now and then, you need to remind yourself how awesome you are, so you can keep going with everything else.
Your expressive nature is out on display -- and the whole world loves it! You may need to let others share on your time, but you're so generous that you don't mind giving up the floor.
You need to make sure that you're making the most of your time today -- you have far more options than you had thought at first! It may be a good time for you to get yourself on a new track.
Devote yourself to service today -- volunteering, helping your family or doing some other selfless task You're in a good position to rack up karma points, and the world ends up a little bit better -- it's win-win!
Nothing is likely to surprise you today -- you can see good and bad results of all courses of action, so it all seems plausible to you. Try to share your attitude with coworkers and family.
You're feeling much better about a coworker or family member who has either been slacking off lately or actively sabotaging your success. Somehow, you've started clicking, and it should last!
You should find that your coworkers or family are in sore need of some outside help. It could be almost anything from a little lift to a whole new direction, but your suggestions are taken seriously.
Your ambitions are out in the open, so much so that you're easy to read. That may not be a bad thing, though, because you're sure to find that people are more willing than ever to get out of the way!
What are you so excited about? Whatever it is, you may need to calm down a bit and let your friends or family have their time, too. You may feel that you're doing okay, but even you need others around.
Though your energy levels haven't returned to their peak quite yet, you are still letting fly with your amazing witticisms and flashy style. People like to see who you really are, so take off the mask!
Your connection with real life is enhanced, so eating, drinking and merrymaking are all much more enjoyable than usual. It's a good time for you to indulge your senses in some new way.
You could find that your ability to create new systems or plans is hampered by your tendency to criticize everything -- even yourself! See if you can ease up and try things that might not work perfectly.
You're working on something that you may or may not have much faith in -- but your presence and determination should prove successful if you stick with the plan. Keep pushing 'til you're through.
You can't predict what will happen before you try things out today -- you just need to engage in some trial and error! That means mistakes, but you can still see success overall if you keep at it.
You've got to tell your friends to be more careful today -- though you can't tell them why, because you're not sure yourself! A sense of foreboding lingers, but it should be past in the near future.
You are more tired than ever today, and should find that it's hard for you to deal with things that were simple just yesterday. There's good news, though: You are due for a burst of inspiration very soon!
You may not want to engage with the world too much today, but you almost certainly have to put in an appearance. It's one of those days when you can tell that things are moving with or without you!
You and your friends or family are squaring off in a new way -- one that might feel a little awkward. See if you can get them to stand down, because your personal energy guarantees success at a price.
You've got some help coming your way from a new direction -- one you might never have checked out before! It's a good time to just be open to all comers and express your gratitude directly.
See if you can get your people to follow along when you jump today -- though you can't give them much notice! Your energy is primed for quick action, and when you see your opportunity, you go for it!
You're in the middle of something pretty big, and now is a good time for you to share your enthusiasm with your peers. Make sure to do it in a way that's not overwhelming or intrusive, though!
There is no need to avoid confrontation today -- in fact, you really need to make sure that you're as direct as can be! It's a really good day for you to speak plainly to all the right people.
Are you having a hard time understanding a friend or family member? You are much more grounded now, so it's a great time for you to reach out and see if they are willing to open up.
Your romantic side is energized and ready for something new -- even if it's with your long-term partner. It's a great time for a quick trip or something spontaneous that you both can enjoy.
You can tell that things are working out in your favor even before the final results come in today. You should expect quick congratulations or praise from all the key players in your life.
You may find yourself frustrated today, thanks to a bit of business that ends up being a bit harder than you had expected. That's nothing to make you quit, of course, but it is a big deal to you.
A memory -- or person from the past -- haunts you a bit today, but it might be an inspiration to try something new. Your energy is best suited to exploring options that once seemed close off.
It's harder than usual for you to cope with arbitrary restrictions -- yet there are more of them in place than ever before! It may be a good time to plan for a clean break in the very near future.
You and your family are almost certainly going through some extremes today -- and you should find that you're in the best position to take advantage of that energy! Get plenty done and get real with your mate.
You aren't in the mood for people who've got nothing better to do than complain about trivia -- but that's what you're facing anyway! It's a good time to get them to see that things aren't so bad after all.
You've got good instincts -- make the most of them! Today, you get a tingle when you pass by a person, place or thing that has never really appealed to you before, so check it out with renewed intensity.
Try to check in with someone about that weird non-payment or other financial issue that has been bugging you, but hasn't seemed worth the trouble. Things are getting weirder than you realize!
Legal issues are on your mind today, but they may (hopefully) be somewhat abstract. If you need to deal with courts or suits, you should make sure that you've got plenty of backup this time!
New ideas are coming your way today -- maybe too many of them! It's a really good time to take a break from your preconceptions and see if you can get a jump on the next big thing.
You're feeling rather bent out of shape over someone's claim to something (or someone) you feel is yours. There's no shame in a little jealousy, as long as you don't let it take control over your life.
Your sense of self makes you feel more capable and confident than ever, and now is the perfect time to go for that new job or ask out that new hottie next door. Things are getting better!
Your boss or mate is acting like the only adult in the room today, and nothing brings your blood to a boil quite like that! You need to slow down and let them have their say -- things should turn around soon.
It's easier than ever for you to stay on task and focus all your energy on what needs to happen next. You may find that people are still looking for some tiny thing you already found long ago.
You've got more people to draw on than you even realize, so ask around and see who's up for helping you out. It's a really good day to strengthen your bonds by asking for a few new favors.
Flexibility is key to living well today -- so do some mental yoga to get ready for it! Things may get pretty hairy later in the day, but if you can adjust your activities, you should be fine.
Your social energy is potent today -- but it's best spent on those you already know fairly well. Friends and family need your attention more than strangers, anyway, so hole up at home for now.
Things are not quite what they seem today, especially if they seem too good to be true. You may need to get your friends to take another look, and you may be the only voice of skepticism in the room.
Your amazing mental energy helps you maintain your own POV throughout a day full of folks who want to sway you to their way of thinking. You should be able to stay as independent as you wish!
Life is a little slower than usual today, but that just means that you need to slow down yourself. It's a good time for you to step back and let people deal with their own issues on their own time.
Little things may trip you up today, but that's okay -- you've got time and energy to handle them all. You may not make quite as much progress as you'd like, but you still put on a good show!
You reach a milestone of some kind today, and should be able to build on it without too much trouble. In fact, now is a really good time for you to step back and reconsider your goals and ambitions.
You need to do whatever you can to take care of today's big issues -- even if they seem completely overwhelming! You're in a good position to make some real progress, but you have to get real about it.
Try your best to get past the tense business facing you today -- things could be really dark if you don't step up! Someone close to you is resistant to change, but you can show them the benefits.
You've got plenty to say, and not a lot of time to say it. Things should be moving along at quite a clip anyway, so you'd almost certainly rather not derail them with extended conversations.
People are incredibly important to you today, and it may be that you need to reach out again to those who may have once been important to you. Alliances are everything -- keep them strong!
It may be rather late in the year, but you can feel a burst of inspiration to tackle one of your old resolutions. Use your social energy to help motivate yourself -- grab a friend and get started!
Change is in the air, and it's pretty much impossible to resist. See if you can focus on the positive and get others to do the same -- things should start to make more sense in the very near future.
Your intuitive powers are always operating at a high frequency, but today, they're out of control! You may find that you're finishing people's sentences for them or otherwise reading them deeply.
Things just don't seem workable to you right now, but that doesn't mean you should give up! Far from it -- now is the time for you step up your efforts and see if you can't pull off a miracle ending.
Your admiration for someone close is fully reflected today, and you should find that you're even better off socially than you were just a short time ago. Make the most of it and move forward!
You and your mate or best friend are dealing with some pretty intense feelings now -- and they may manifest in some seemingly insane fashion! Just ride it out and laugh about it later.
You're in a more intellectual mood today, and should find that other people around you are more engaged in cerebral pursuits. Your good energy should put you in a leadership role of some sort.
Your communication skills are highlighted today, so make the most of them! If you've been putting off a difficult conversation, now is the time to try to make some positive change happen!
You've got to use your good energy to help someone get free -- from obligation, from their own weird ideas of responsibility, or maybe even from your own supervision! You can do it with style.
You and your family are working pretty well together, but you need to avoid the temptation to climb up on that soapbox. Others might be doing it, but it doesn't work out for you just now.
See if you can get your people to be more social today -- the energy of the universe is pushing you into new encounters, and you'd rather they happen when you're part of a group than one-on-one.
You have got to stick with your original thinking right now -- otherwise, things could get really out of hand! The good news is that you've been right all along, at least as far as one detail is concerned.
Your career needs a boost, but you're not the only one! The good news is that you may be the only one nearby with the right kind of energy to really take off. It takes some work, though.
Your ego may be in for a bruising if you aren't careful -- people are much less considerate of feelings today,a and while they don't mean to cause harm, they may dis your pet project or your recent successes.
You're in the best position to improve your love life -- or to simply enjoy it, if you've already made the most of that part of your life. Your great energy is perfect for sharing!
You're in the midst of some sweet intellectual activity, whether you realize it or not! You may need to incorporate some ideas from people you don't usually get along with all that well, but it's a snap!
You're pretty good at self-discipline, and today that trait comes in handy as you face a daunting to-do list. Force yourself to tackle it in the right order, instead of doing the fun stuff first.
You can be pretty charming when you need to be, and right now it's a good idea for you to turn it on in a big way. Things are going to get pretty strange, but you can turn things around quickly.
Mental energy is your specialty, and today you've got plenty. You may want to drift away from practical matters and focus instead on big ideas that may only interest you and a few friends.
It's a great day to experiment with new ways of getting and staying organized -- you aren't stuck in a rut, though you certainly do like your systems.  Little changes are the way to go for you.
It's up to you to get things rolling around the house today -- that difficult conversation, that reupholstering project or that family game night. Your energy is perfect for all things domestic.
You're making new connections today -- more than usual, by a long shot! They may not all pan out, but the experience is good practice for those who can actually help you or enrich your life in some way.
Sometimes your ideals can get in the way of your fun, but today the two are totally intertwined! It's a good time for volunteer work, fundraising or any other activities that make the world a better place.
Take it easy -- there is nothing to be gained from running around like a crazy person! You should find that people are easier to influence if you go the quiet route than if you bluster.
You're playing games with someone's mind -- or heart, if you're feeling somewhat evil. You feel so great that you know you're not doing any real harm, so go for it and see what comes next.
Work or home life is somewhat more difficult today, thanks to some serious conflict that is just about to boil over. You shouldn't avoid it -- but you also shouldn't expect it to just go smoothly, either!
You're perfectly even-tempered right now, and you almost certainly find yourself defusing tricky situations with ease. It's a good time to deal with domestic issues, especially family conflict.
You need to reconcile an issue that is dividing your private from your social life. It's one of those weird days when you may feel pulled in a few too many different directions, so do your best to stay balanced!
You aren't quite as able to get people to see things your way today -- but you only make things worse if you redouble your efforts and try to force the issue! Chill out and wait for round two.
No matter how difficult things seem to get today, you need to try to keep moving forward. You may surprise yourself -- and quite a few others -- as you make progress against all odds.
You surprise yourself and someone you like with a sudden win at something you'd expected to be tougher. Enjoy the good times and see if you can extend them for a few more days or longer.
Use that brainy energy to advance in school or work -- or just to amaze friends and family. You should be able to recall facts and figures more easily, but also to put them together into coherent wholes.
You should find yourself at odds with someone close -- maybe your mate, maybe a coworker -- but try not to take it too seriously. It's just one of those days when you don't see eye to eye.
Try your best to trust your gut today -- even if it's telling you to do or say something crazy! You probably have to move beyond your comfort zone in order to make the most of the situation.
You're in the best possible position to communicate important feelings to family members, coworkers or pretty much anyone else. Your mind is sharper and more focused than usual, too!
You may think you know just what to do today, but there are hidden rules that may trip you up if you aren't extremely careful. Try to let others guide you, though it may bruise your pride a bit.
Ease up on the mad rush toward new projects and activities -- even if they seem fun and stress-free. Your time is almost sure to fill up today with unexpected slowdowns or distractions.
You need to take care of a financial issue that is staring you in the face -- if not now, when? Your mental energy isn't at its peak, but you do have the chops to take care of this problem.
You may accidentally let slip a bit of your true feelings today -- but it's for the best! Even if you feel weird about it, you should know that you're setting something really great in motion.
You've got to appease someone of some importance in yourself -- maybe a boss, maybe your mate -- and it might take most of your emotional energy today. Don't worry about other matters for now.
One way or another, you're getting some exercise today. You might find that people are more willing to letting you take the time to take the time to walk a little farther or go nuts at the gym.
You may be the welcome wagon today, no matter where you find yourself. Your social energy is perfect for making introductions and letting people relax in uncomfortable surroundings, so go for it!
You and your friends are all more or less on the same page right now -- and may reach new depths together as a result. It may be spirituality or a new TV show, but you all get each other.
You're feeling considerably more relaxed about your social situation today -- things may have gotten rather strange lately, but you can tell that you just need to smile in order to get your way now.
Your energy levels are sure to last far longer than those of your peers today, so make sure that you've got plenty to do in the absence of others. Your great ideas should keep you busy 'til late.
Get organized! Your ability to make sense of the chaotic is a big help today, as it's a near certainty that something around the house needs straightening up in a big way. You can handle it!
Keep pushing for your big ideas today -- they may be just what's needed to make a real difference! You are almost sure to meet opposition, but they don't see things the way you do, so set them straight.
You're taking great amusement from your friends or family today, and that works in both directions. It may be a good time for you to share some little secret or insight with someone special.
You need to get serious about a choice that has been facing you for some time. You've got all the info you need -- now you just need to figure out what you really want on the inside.
You're having plenty of fun today -- and your good energy is infectious! Those you like best are sure to perk up when you're around, and it's much easier to get to know new people and make new friends.
Try to look humble when the praise starts to come your way -- you've pulled off something big, and the right people know it! Your fiery personal style makes the day even more fun.
Your own personal growth is incredibly important right now, so do something that's all about you. Your energy may be a bit out of sync with other people anyway, so you're not missing out on much.
It's a good idea to take care of shopping today -- especially major purchases. You've got an eye for good deals and can save yourself a lot of time and money if you trust your intuition.
Are you seeing someone, or partnered with someone? Now is a great time to focus solely on them and just enjoy each others' company. If not, that may change very soon if you are open to it.
A small windfall comes your way -- though it may involve less debt than you had anticipated, rather than an unexpected inheritance or random cash appearing at your feet. It's still welcome, though!
You are as matter-of-fact as it's possible to be today, and your ability to handle whatever you face is legendary. It's a really good time for you to look ahead and block out time for later struggles, too.
Your love life is taking off now -- more so than you would have thought possible! Use that good energy to get down to business with the right person and build something you can believe in.
You're feeling the urge to wax philosophical, and should be able to find some close friends or coworkers who are willing to indulge you. Even if you don't reach your goal, the journey is interesting.
Your inner strength is making life extra sweet today. You may be resisting some bad ideas or getting your friends and family to tackle communication troubles or other problems you face together.
Reach out to one of your closest friends early today -- you've got more going on together than you may realize! It's a good time for you to see if you can get your people together for a party.
This is not the time to deal with new people, places or things. Stick with the tried and true and it's hard to go wrong -- your energy is just right for dealing with the familiar to the exclusion of all else.
It's not too much to ask for you to take a look around and see who needs your help -- in fact, you can see that that is probably the best use of your time right now! It's a great day to score some karma.
Take that bit of good advice today, no matter who it's coming from. You may find that you're feeling pretty great after you take that one positive step. Life can change quite a bit in the near future!
You need to act as a counselor to someone close today -- maybe with a problem you know little about. Draw on your experience and do your best, but don't shy away from the responsibility
Domestic issues are on the table today, and there's just no way to avoid them. It's a really good time for you to be frank with your mate or to take your children's guidance firmly in hand.
Your head for finances is perfect right now, so even if that stuff bores you to tears, now is the time to tackle your money issues head on. You may have to wait 'til later to explain your decisions, though.
The value of friendship is quite evident today, as you find that your people are taking a strong interest in your well-being. It's a great time to ask for favors and see what develops from here.
Sometimes, you need to shake off your preconceptions and deal with life on its own terms. Today you are almost sure to act out of character, but instead of freaking people out, you may just inspire them!
A surprising turn of events midday or this evening throws you for a loop, but the emotional upheaval is almost certainly for the best. It's all part of something larger and positive.
You're nothing if not stretchy -- spiritually, if not physically! Today, you need to bend and reach out in order to keep from breaking or getting swept away with the tide. You can do it!
You may get all riled up early in the day over some issue that actually doesn't matter all that much. You can do right by yourself if you chill out and let someone else get bent out of shape.
Your ability to spin recent events may be compromised -- it's a hard time for you to try to affect how others see you. Pretty soon, though, folks should start to see things your way again!
Anything you've been putting off saying or writing -- for whatever reason -- should be easier to take care of now. Your energy is perfect for communication of all kinds, and others are ready to hear you out.
Let yourself be persuaded today -- you may not feel like a pushover, but it's a good time for you to cede control (temporarily) to someone else. Try it on like a pair of shoes, then walk away.
Try to take a good look at the situation and see if you can get people to agree that whatever may seem obvious on the surface is unlikely to have much to do with the deeper truth.
When that child, friend or coworker comes to you with a bold new idea today, don't dismiss them out of hand. You may need up rejecting them eventually, but now is a good time to hear out crazy schemes.
Your parents play a major role in today's activities in one way or another, even if they're not close by. You may need to deal with some legacy that has been in the background for many years.
You're giving more though to your future today, and it might be a bit troubling -- but only because you haven't yet nailed down exactly what you want. If you can narrow your focus, you should feel better.
You may surprise yourself -- and quite a few others -- by lashing out when circumstances seem to call for peace and quiet. Sometimes you need to assert yourself in a dramatic fashion!
Slow down today -- you've got too much going on as it is! If you try to take care of everything equally, you are all too likely to end up feeling exhausted and frustrated by the end of the day.
You need to maintain some semblance of discipline around the house or the workplace today -- which might not sit well with your peers. You can tell that nothing will happen otherwise, though!
Don't waste too much brain power on analysis -- your first call should be your best. It's not exactly intuition, so you don't have to feel weird about playing hunches. Just go with it!
Now is a really great time for you to chill out and let your emotional batteries recharge -- you've been running too fast for too long! You should be back in the game before you know it.
You may be feeling a bit off right now, but if you let your routines swallow you up, you should find it easier to get by. Let your mind drift only as far as it can get between chores.
You're a bit more tied down than usual today thanks to an unusual family obligation, but it doesn't breed much resentment. In fact, you could turn it around into something quite liberating!
Take charge and let your people see that the next big thing isn't so bad after all. It's a good time for you to make sure that you're not just stuck in the past or dealing with old issues.
Your mind is always active, even when your surroundings are deadly boring. You may learn a lot just from watching how people behave when there is nothing to do, so kick back and soak it all in.
Money may bleed out of your wallet today if you're not careful -- try not to buy anything that's not essential. Luxuries can wait for a few days, or even longer. You pride yourself on your good sense, right?
Direct all that pent-up energy toward those in your life who really deserve it -- your intuition should be a good guide. You ought to be able to get others to turn their lives around.
Your health is a big concern right now though you may be more worried than you really ought to be. It's a great time to get organized and tackle any issues with as clear a mind as possible.
You feel a sense of urgency over something that you can't act on quite yet -- how frustrating! The good news is that things should be a lot smoother for you in the next few days or so.
The new person you're interested in -- are they truly deserving of your admiration?
You and your friends disagree about what would be fun -- it's time to compromise.
You need to get active. Get involved and do something about your environment.
Explore new cultures, music, or religions. You will find some new ways of thinking.
Sometimes deciding to do the right thing is incredibly easy, while at other times -- like today -- you may just want to let someone else tell you what to do. Try to figure it out on your own this time!
You're mostly concerned with other people right now, and ought to be able to get them to see things your way if you use a little diplomacy. Pretty soon, your way of seeing things should be ascendant again!
It's a good day to stay grounded -- though it may take some effort! It's one of those days when you really ought to stick to routine, day-to-day stuff, rather than reaching for the stars!
Teamwork doesn't go as well as you'd like today, thanks to vast gulfs between the various ideas on the table. You are usually a pretty hot negotiator, but your own unwillingness to compromise is obvious.
Something very small starts to heat up midday until it is impossible to ignore by tonight, and it might interfere with your sleep. Fortunately it's only a temporary disturbance, but you still have to face it.
Your dreams are making life much more interesting than it was not long ago,a and you may want to pursue one that seems utterly insane to outsiders. Go for it -- you can prove them wrong in days!
You are quite familiar with inspiration -- it's something that stops by to check in on you every now and then, like today. You may discover some new ideas percolation down below that need expression.
Your love life is getting a little crazy today -- but thats not necessarily a bad thing! Everyone has to go through some similar issues in order to find what they're looking for, so advice isn't hard to come by.
You meet someone new who is at least as impressed by you as you are by them. It could be the start of an important partnership, or maybe something even more significant -- if you want it to be!
Your conservative side is dominant today, and while that may have nothing to do with politics, it can still get people pretty riled up. It may be a good time to avoid those who want to cause trouble.
Your regular way of getting stuff done is more open to change today, so take a new look and see what you can do. You may surprise someone at home or at work with an entirely new system.
Financial instruments seem to make more sense to you, whether you're a novice or a long-time MBA. Now is the best time to consider your future, plan for retirement and take care of other long-term issues.
You're feeling a bit more idealistic today, so you should be able to get others to see the value of taking a stand. In fact, now is a good time to lead a revolt or to guide your people spiritually.
You need to deal with your love life in one way or another -- it's staring you in the face! The simplest solution is probably best for you,  and you can count on your great personal energy to make it easy.
You've got lots to do and think about today, and should be able to inspire others to take care of their ends of things, too. Big change is coming, and you are leading the push to keep it positive.
Teamwork doesn't go as well as you'd like today, thanks to vast gulfs between the various ideas on the table. You are usually a pretty hot negotiator, but your own unwillingness to compromise is obvious.
Something very small starts to heat up midday until it is impossible to ignore by tonight, and it might interfere with your sleep. Fortunately it's only a temporary disturbance, but you still have to face it.
Your dreams are making life much more interesting than it was not long ago,a and you may want to pursue one that seems utterly insane to outsiders. Go for it -- you can prove them wrong in days!
You are quite familiar with inspiration -- it's something that stops by to check in on you every now and then, like today. You may discover some new ideas percolation down below that need expression.
Your love life is getting a little crazy today -- but thats not necessarily a bad thing! Everyone has to go through some similar issues in order to find what they're looking for, so advice isn't hard to come by.
You meet someone new who is at least as impressed by you as you are by them. It could be the start of an important partnership, or maybe something even more significant -- if you want it to be!
A friend's teasing is making you extremely uncomfortable, but you almost certainly need to take a deep breath and let them keep making a fool of themselves. It's one of those days when silence is golden.
Nothing seems to go right according to your schedule, and it may be that you've got some serious adjustments to make. Your mental energy is certainly up to the task, though, so expect success!
What's going on around you? It's pretty likely that someone close has hatched a new scheme that doesn't seem to make much sense on the face of it -- so try to talk them down from the ledge.
You're feeling a bit more idealistic today, so you should be able to get others to see the value of taking a stand. In fact, now is a good time to lead a revolt or to guide your people spiritually.
You need to deal with your love life in one way or another -- it's staring you in the face! The simplest solution is probably best for you,  and you can count on your great personal energy to make it easy.
You've got lots to do and think about today, and should be able to inspire others to take care of their ends of things, too. Big change is coming, and you are leading the push to keep it positive.
Your emotional side is out in force today, so see if you can either get others to talk about their feelings or table any important discussions until everyone is more or less on the same page
You're not taken by surprise all that often -- so when it happens, it's doubly surprising! Someone busts out with a rant or hissy fit that you had no way of foreseeing, but you can at least handle it in real time.
Your intellectual powers are strong now, and big, thorny problems are much easier to solve -- especially with bold, outside-the-box thinking You may start to show off a little, but there's nothing wrong with that.
Sit still and try not to take on any new projects or people today -- you've got enough going on! You may find that you're in a good position to get folks to help you finish stuff up.
Do your homework today -- then get busy with the next big thing! You need to listen to as many others as possible before making any big decisions, though, so seek input from all sides.
It's harder than usual for you to make progress today -- but don't let that get you down! You may need to try something a little different to kick-start your next big move, or you may just need to wait it out.
Share your concerns with friends -- they are much more sympathetic than you would have dreamed. It's a great day for you to get something big off of your chest, though communication may be more poetic than direct.
It's one of those slow days when it seems like nobody wants to get any work or chores done -- and that includes you! Of course, if you've got responsibilities, then you need to figure out how to take care of them.
Try to get your message out in a new way today -- even if you've been trying for ages! It's such a good time for creative communication that you can get away with blowing off responsibilities.
People are more easily influenced today -- and that does include you! It's one of those days when positive change is just a little bit easier, so if you work at it, you can achieve great things!
Your big brain is synced up with someone else's today, and it feels great. you should be able to work together easily and make a real difference at home or at work, so get together and take off!
Let your excitement guide you today -- whatever gets the biggest rise out of you ought to be your next big goal. It's a really good day for you to show those around you exactly what you feel!
You've got plenty to think about today -- but your mind just can't stay focused! It's not that big a deal, because you should know by now that your side paths lead to some amazing places.
Your sweet, playful spirit is making life much more interesting for your friends and family. See if you can get them to play along without your having to explain all the rules beforehand.
Focus all that great energy outward today -- help the homeless, volunteer in the community or just see if you can get your best friend to open up a little more. Things are getting better!
Childhood issues shoulder their way into the adult world. This may not be the best time or place to seek resolution. Surely you can find a more pleasant way to tell people that you ignored the last thing they said.
You're happy with your faults and flaws, although they sometimes get in the way. Others might see your pride as an excuse for not trying harder. Do what's best for you, bravely facing down your critics.
This may seem like a game to you, but it's serious business for someone else. Know your choices before making dangerous assumptions. You could be wasting your only chance on something frivolous.
You're okay in the spotlight, although someone close to you is a shrinking violet. It takes a special skill to insure good feelings all around. You don't have far to travel when going for the heart of the matter.
Either you invented this program, or you use it more than anyone else. Your good fortune is far beyond beginner's luck. The mood is exuberant when everyone wants to sign up for your training sessions.
Although undecided, you're leaning in a certain direction. A local controversy has nothing to do with you -- at least not yet. Beware of trickery by those who claim to be your friends.
Try not to get too hung up on people's precise words today -- you of all people should know better than to do that! Ambiguity rules the day, so misunderstandings are that much more likely.
Take time to really appreciate what you've got -- even if things seem rather dim right now! You're better off that you realize, and turning around your attitude is key to improving your situation.
You need to reach out to someone and make sure they're getting what they need -- you are at your best in a supporting role today. Your mate or a good friend might need some special attention.
Now that March is here, you're ready for spring cleaning. Your recycling pile may grow faster than your discard heap. Even if you're not facing shortages, economizing is still a good idea.
Close attachments may prevent you from moving ahead. Do your part even if the situation appears doomed. Whatever else you lose, you're sure to end up gaining respect.
You're better off than you were last week, but that's not saying much. You may be the only one that knows what to do. Once everyone else finds out, your privacy and leisure time will vanish.
Personal projects blossom into major works of art or full-time careers. The world deserves to become acquainted with your talents. Describe your obvious superiority in only the most charitable terms.
You overflow with intuition and drive during a week dominated by water energy. Confidently perform daring acts while holding onto that edge of excitement. Seasoned travelers are happy to share their wisdom.
You've earned whatever you get. Toasts, parades and naming ceremonies happen in your honor. Turn up the heat or the volume while everyone still expects great things from you.
You find personal truth in that old affirmation about accepting what you can't change. Emotions have their input, but they shouldn't be allowed to rule the process. Self-deception may be needed to get you through this.
You appear standoffish when you fail to be clear about your needs. Maybe a little time alone will be good for you. You'll be stronger than ever once you emerge from this introspective period.
You prefer the genuine article. A carefully constructed image is all the more fascinating when you discover how and why it was made. If this line of inquiry makes others nervous, too bad for them.
It's a little frightening how your mood can affect everything. Be careful about destroying what's taken so long to build. Even when you're right, others still need to feel human.
You're in the collecting phase between use and reuse. All strategies are open for discussion and improvement. Pinpoint your weaknesses and start massaging them into strengths.
You feel the pressure of an approaching deadline or collapsing schedule. There's no longer any time for damage and recovery. Once you get past this grueling moment, you'll be home free.
Your flashy side comes out on top. Now it's all about who you know and what you wear. Although your tongue is liberated, restrain yourself from outrageous claims and promises. Eventually you'll have to pay up.
Triumph has a hollow ring. Winning by default isn't exactly a testimonial to your greatness. Unless you have an ace spinmeister on the payroll, everyone will see right through this charade.
It's appropriate to take offense when insulted. If you lose yourself in indignation, you might miss words of praise from a different quarter.  You should avoid getting stuck in stagnant backwaters.
Humble people are unaware of their true greatness. The report that comes back to you tells a much better story than you imagined. This new month brings many more reasons for smiling and singing.
Associates and clients are more interested in cooperating after you feed them. A shared dislike can be the basis for a friendship. Shift to a positive focus so that you'll always have something good to talk about.
You care more about real possibilities than the other options that previously dazzled you. Even when you come back to earth, you might still be at sea. It's a long way between your vision and your success.
Look cautiously at a new technology. Shine a light through the red tape, and sift through the fine print. For every honest person, there's another one trying to sell you snake oil. You have to know whom you can trust.
You're less than impressed with the hand that fate deals you. Your patience wears thin with overly emotional people. Be careful to observe traffic laws even if they don't seem to apply.
You're still no closer to escape. Consistency would be nice, but first you need sincerity and meaning. Brace yourself for another day or so of floundering before you connect with something solid.
Savvy employers will put you in charge of presentation and purchasing. Results are your current specialty. Your written and verbal skills blossom like never before under these favorable cosmic influences.
Steer the conversation toward your favorite subjects. It's time for recognition of your hard-won knowledge. Just when you think that you're the final authority, somebody else puts new evidence on the table.
An important relationship hangs in the balance. Good will may not be enough, but it's the best that you can offer. If the other person can't see your individuality, he or she may not be worth your time.
Find a different way to be. Your search ends profitably with the understanding that there are many sides to your character. No one should suffer the limitations of spending their life in a box.
The right stimulus proves that there's nothing wrong with your responses. By late in the day, the lion comes roaring back into the limelight. Reclaim your losses and ascend to the next level.
Obsessed characters start looking like dedicated experts. Others jump on your bandwagon as events throw a favorable light on your work. This feels much better than the thankless place that you recently visited.
Good will is a thing of the moment, but everyone is more concerned with what goes on the record. Risky business should be resolved or postponed. The next few days will keep you busy and take you far.
Set your anger aside to keep it out of the mix. Perceptive individuals always know when something is wrong. If you're lucky, you'll get more offers of help than requests to be excused.
Accepting a change is different from giving up. If everyone rigidly held their position, nothing would ever be accomplished. Most will understand that your ideals are a yardstick rather than a real agenda.
A client that snubbed you comes back for another look. You have permission to offer a little more this time. Just like in romantic stories and movies, the rocky start sometimes leads to the perfect marriage.
You're not as alone as you think. A shallow relationship deepens into one that's worth maintaining. Paint your bridges instead of burning them -- others will need obvious landmarks to follow in your footsteps.
Vent your feelings in a single, controlled blast. Say it once and there's no need to repeat yourself. Most people will shrug off this incident instead of thinking of you as a boor or criminal. It happens to everyone.
You control the choices, but there will be few complaints. You offer something rare and delicious to people whose lives lack spice. If everyone did this, imagine how much happier your community would be.
Push a different set of buttons to see what happens. Past experience is a springboard for current inspiration. Your personal drive is tempered by a deep, inclusive love for your community.
Nobody denies your sense of entitlement. Fame comes in handy every now and then. Use your special powers wisely. It may be some time before you find yourself back in this lucky position.
Shy admirers find the nerve to talk. The steady rhythms of nature are a reminder that you're part of the animal kingdom. Live in your body before getting too lost in your head.
Your hands are the logical, precise extensions of your mind. Improve on a method that was supposedly perfect. You like challenge for its own sake, but you'll take the prize that comes with meeting it successfully.
You do best in large rooms or under the open sky. Move with comfort as you circle and triangulate. Sculpture and politics are easy for someone as concerned as you are about structural integrity.
You're happy, but your overall situation is far from ideal. With batteries recharged, it's time to put these good feelings on the fast track. The right idea will work only if you get it to the right place on time.
Make your final push. The stars are about to complicate your life in ways that will decrease your efficiency. Be ready to release yourself from the burden of whatever you can't finish now.
Stop being so nice. Prove that you're real before your reputation turns you into a myth or a tall tale. Remind others that they can't always guess what you want or ignore what doesn't fit into their own plans.
Cooperation is the next best thing to sole ownership. It pleases you that compatible, rational people have a hand in your business. A friendly exchange of insults is really a gesture of endearment.
Popularity is your natural state. Everyone wants to be your friend, and some of them have no ulterior motive behind their attractive offers. You're free to pick and choose as the invitations come pouring in.
You were wise to save the best for last. Redemption from boredom comes at exactly the right moment. Smart planning is an adequate substitute for good luck, but right now you're rich in both.
You say that you're different from everyone else, but you may be focusing on something small. Common bonds should be celebrated. A house divided will soon fall unless you shore up the splintered halves.
Whether you're the master tenant or designated driver, the keys rest firmly in your hands. Your wild, spendthrift days are over. Frankly, you're relieved to have both feet on the ground again.
Be less predictable to triumph over authority. There are ways around the rules without actually breaking them. Future scofflaws may curse you for making their lives harder, but for now you can pat yourself on the back.
You love being the center of attention. Ideas roll easily off your tongue. Demonstrations show your prototypes in the best possible light. Give credit where credit is due, even though most of the glory will stick to you.
In any group, you fall into the role of conscience or cheerleader. Concern yourself with why and let others worry about how. This is your favorite position, and it shows in your style.
Satisfied people look no further. Others notice a seedy side to this rosy picture. Any further improvements must happen over strenuous objections. Somehow you'll find the energy for a worthwhile fight.
Somebody else has taken over the front burner, but you're still hot. A financial issue is easily resolved, even if it falls short of your wildest dream. For someone out of your element, you fit in here just fine.
Restrictions clamp down on a free flowing environment. There's an official reason for this, but in your heart you know that someone enjoys being the oppressor. Behave yourself before you become a target.
Volunteer your opinion only when asked. The fly on the wall learns more than the monkey in the middle. Once you're among equals again, it will be okay to walk with your head high.
Get physical. Put your back into your work. Let your partner know that you're still a vibrant being. From the instant that you commit yourself to happy participation, the universe will cheerfully deliver.
Be adaptable and ready to do whatever it takes to reach you goals. Don't be lazy.
You have supreme confidence now and can do very well under pressure. Prove yourself.
Yesterday it was still clear, but now everything is a mess. The guilty are punished, but not before they drag many others down with them. It's hard to imagine a fresh start after this, but nothing else will work.
You've come a long way, but there's still far to go. Accuracy is good. Honesty is better. You know something that your rivals don't. The question is how you'll use it.
Once you're sure about something, circle the wagons around it. Avoid the quagmire of speculation. Some people do many things poorly, but it takes real talent to do just a few things well.
Your energy is perfect for fun and recreation today -- even if you're stuck behind a desk or managing home chores. You can make almost any activity into good fun for you and almost everyone around you.
Even if you have to push yourself, today is a great time for socializing. Your natural grace is resonating perfectly with what other people need, so get out there and show them what you've got!
Take some time to work on your resume or build up your network today -- your career could use a little boost! It's one of those days when you really need to take your future more seriously.
It's time for you and your sweetie -- or maybe a relative -- to sit down and have a heart-to-heart conversation. You're not feeling totally great about it, but you can tell that it needs to happen soon.
You've got more energy than you know what to do with, but your friends are all looking out for you, so you may be able to assist them with their endeavors. Make sure you're in touch with all the key players!
You need even more structure than usual -- and so do those around you. Fortunately, you can provide it for all, as long as they're willing to go along with your way of doing things. If not, shape them up first!
It's a super-great day for you to dive into the grunt work of your job or home life -- you can have a great time doing almost anything! Inspire those around you to enjoy the time they spend with you.
It's the small stuff that might get you down today -- so try to stay on top of it! Your mind is surprisingly agile when it comes to the details that make life more complicated than it really needs to be.
Look ahead a few months or years and figure out a plan to get there happily. You are at your best today when you're drawing up schemes for the future instead of acting on them right now.
Don't be idealistic about what someone is really about. Take your blinders off.
To keep your attitude bright, join in with whatever is going on in the social scene.  Weirdness in other people will catch your attention today. Explore this new group.
You don't mind a challenge every now and then but today it all seems rather gratuitous! People are tossing up roadblocks for no good reason and you've just got to deal with each one as it comes.
Complete a process or course that's been in the works for a while. This is a rare opportunity for a tidy ending. The next step, of course, will be a synchronized beginning. The universe is an orderly place for you.
You are a stunning collection of quirks and secrets. Artistry and madness are indistinguishable to someone that doesn't understand either. You're happy to offer explanations even though you don't owe any.
You walk the line between just enough and too much. Instead of being the victim of an accident, let yourself be the master of a choice. Act now with common sense, and save all the analysis for later.
An engineering problem becomes all too obvious. Yes, you had a hand in this failure. No, you should not accept all of the blame. A well-functioning team cushions its members in difficult times.
You claim to be looking out for number one, but there's a nobler plan up your sleeve. Trustworthy people look like possible collaborators or investments. Idealistic acts are never far from your agenda.
Curiosity is either a plus or a pain. You want to know the whole story, but you'd prefer to work on it in private. If someone visits you in search of information, give them the run-around instead.
Spend your day in a community of the imagination. Workshops and art openings attract you on a soul level. Turn entertainment into fun by stepping in from the sidelines and joining the activity.
You're solid, real and highly successful. Diaries read like manifestos. Your map only hints at your territory. Loved ones come when called and stay for as long as you need them.
It takes a lot to wear you down. In fact, you're likely to be the irresistible force that crumbles fragile things. Go easy on those with different viewpoints. You want to absorb the opposition, not destroy it.
The more invested you are, the more you're bothered by fidgety or derisive people. Passion is a subjective experience. Even so, it hurts when loved ones fail to share your enthusiasm.
You're tempted to do nothing at all. Everyone needs their down time, but too much of it becomes wasteful. Meet up with others and let their energy counteract your lethargy.
Look any gift horses in the mouth. While you're at it, consider making an appointment with your own dentist. It's hard to remember from a moment of discomfort, but short-term pain results in long-term gain.
You'll take the high road when the low one is too crowded. Even if you come to virtue accidentally, play it for all that it's worth. Wrongdoers deserve to be beaten at their own game.
Welcome everyone at the door, and let them navigate their own way through the party. Study your guests even as you entertain them. Greater social principles are visibly at work in a microcosm of friends.
Travel details distract you from the larger issues of your journey. Chaos works in your favor if you move fast. As long as you're willing to talk about it later, everyone will be satisfied by what happens now.
Play the new game. Leave the old rules behind. Suffering isn't for you any more.
If you expect fair treatment, act in a deserving way. Change can happen overnight, making your views obsolete or irrelevant. Being nice to others gives them one less weapon to use against you.
A series of good deals guarantees that everyone will be your friend. You grant individual favors without seeming to play favorites. This is a fine time to go public with a secret romance.
Decisions are made. The pressure is off. Now you have a mission and an audience.
Being serious shouldn't prevent you from smiling. An interruption is time well spent if you can learn something from it. Always be clear about who's listening to your story and what they might get out of it.
Jump into the middle. You know this scene well enough to find your place and fulfill the requirements. This week is about service and interdependence. Your people can always count on you.
Extreme tactics are inexcusable to people that can't see the need. You're eroding support when you should be rallying it. Surely this approach can wait for a more favorable time.
The choices are overwhelming. You keep hearing your parents' voices, which may or may not be helpful. There are few familiar reference points if you're experiencing something for the first time.
Show how good you can be. Accidents turn into plans. You could look like an expert.
Reach an understanding with someone that almost agrees. The final obstacle is removed from the path of a relationship. Now that there's nothing left to lose, go for total immersion.
Initiate the launching sequence. Hit a high orbit. Gravity is nothing but a joke.
It always feels like the beginning when everything works for you. For the next few days, trust the cosmic forces that are sweeping you off your feet. Flirt with success -- who knows what you'll attract?
Don't make a case. It's not the end of the world. You're involved for the fun of it.
You've worried about the wrong thing and blamed the wrong people. Now is the time to relax, have fun and appreciate this new state of affairs. Maybe you're the last to know, but you like surprises.
Your quest for social justice will be difficult. Thick-skinned people may not even care about your objectives. Take your business elsewhere -- hitting them in the wallet should help them feel your pain.
Forgive the person that innocently pushes your buttons. Instead of getting angry, strangers could get to know each other. Remember these first impressions to use later as amusing anecdotes.
Go for a gradual buildup. Prepare them all one by one. Good showmanship helps you.
Save the best for later. Warm them up gradually instead of firing up the heat. All parties should sign all the papers in advance. Doing it by the book heightens expectations of the secret to be revealed.
Let the more invested party win the argument. You really didn't have the energy for a victory dance anyway. Return to your own great work, a bit humbled but still determined.
Don't participate. Wait for a better opening. You're not being grouchy, just smart.
If they ask, you're not in the mood. Although you have much to prove, it still feels too early to start. Where would you be if all the usually reliable people suddenly took this attitude? At least give your minimum.
After a period of diligent responsibility, you can afford a taste of self-indulgence. Fun can still be meaningful. Leave it all in your partner's hands.
You get high marks for effort. Don't even mention the word futility. Instead of beating yourself up, look at this situation as a complete picture that doesn't need your input.
You've got deeper intuitions than usual today and while not all of them are precisely accurate, they can generally be trusted. Make sure that you're accepting input from all channels.
If you're not totally sure that something new is right for you, say no and walk away quickly. Even if it turns out well, the risk isn't worth it -- not at this point in your career!
You're feeling a little tired, and might be tempted to give up on one project or person in order to focus energy elsewhere. If you do, though, you are sure to regret it later -- so try to persevere!
You shock a friend by saying no to something that sounds like fun -- you're just not in the mood! It's far better to be true to yourself than it is to go along with the plan just to maintain appearances, though!
Try not to stick your head in the sand, tempting as it may be. Today's big problem is actually not so bad once you start dealing with it, but it seems to get scarier the longer you ignore it.
Try to let your people know what's really going on today -- you need to make sure that you're not just assuming they know the deal. It's a good day for you to make sure that you're still in the middle.
There's a lot more to see than meets the eye -- someone you're trying to deal with today is holding back a little. That doesn't mean they're trying to play you, but you should try to get to the bottom of it.
Sign an open-ended lease. Your feelings of infinite renewal have their place in the business world as well as in your personal life. Associates are as cooperative as you are reasonable.
You're truly successful when your profession matches your personal mission. Related events flow easily together without artificial connections. People that know your wishes are better able to grant them.
Make your own amusement. The same old thing is really a deep subject that's far from being exhausted. If this moment were part of a movie, you know that it would be interesting.
There will be disagreement no matter what happens. Change counselors or advisors for a better diet of information. Weigh the evidence before you set your opinion in writing.
The easy things happen without a hitch. The real problems begin when you try engaging your analytical skills. Let yourself off the hook by forwarding this to someone more qualified.
Emphasize your personal truth -- any other gesture will fail. Caring people are rewarded for their courage. Today's example makes ripples that will soon float many boats.
It's easy to take on the pain and suffering of others, but too much sympathy paralyzes you. Decide on your purpose before you make yourself useless. Even in defeat there is strength.
You see hostility in every shadow. The step between suspicion and accusation is research. A premature strike will only hurt someone that doesn't deserve your anger.
Showing up early is a waste of energy. You make a better impression when you're fresh and spontaneous, and this isn't the time. Let others think you're shy or a novice -- you could use the edge it will give you.
You're thinking big, but how practical are you? Pay attention while pouring so that the water won't overflow the pitcher. Sensitive souls have a harder time recovering from embarrassment.
You wanted to know, and now you're finding out. Unrelated facts join together in a breathtaking sweep. Attorneys sum up an airtight case. Researchers are finally ready to publish.
When others need the right word or tool, you're the one that they call.  There are gatekeepers and concierges regulate access and availability. You specialize in being the power behind the throne.
Hit the road in search of your favorite adventure. Self-sufficient people enjoy each other's company. Transcend the limits and move cheerfully through a place where nothing can stop you.
Your heart, hands and calendar are full. This may not be your birthday, but you still have that once-in-a-lifetime feeling of wealth or privilege. Save your surplus to brighten some less fabulous time.
Don't hold anything back. Your radical opinions are popular among those now comfortable enough to listen. Remember that humanity is a vast collection of unique individuals.
Everyone makes mistakes. Forgive yourself with the same evenhanded treatment that you save for loved ones. A heavy load of guilt just increases the challenge of transcending your errors and trying again.
You seem especially aggressive to someone that was expecting meek and mild. Common stereotypes are ridiculous now. This is the real you, enabled, liberated and ready for transformation.
You have the vision and the product. All you need is the perfect team. Think on your feet. Keep all the most valuable numbers in your head. When this thing explodes, you plan to be right on top of it.
Nobody agrees. Stay well out of this mess. If they don't ask you, don't volunteer.
Friends and strangers recognize your intensity. Your inventions are rooted in strong traditions and keen observations. Curious onlookers become devoted followers.
The person trying to get a rise out of you could end up with a fiery volcano. If you want to strike back, do it at a less convenient time for your tormentor. A long memory is the last thing they expect from you.
You're too jumpy. Nobody's out to get you. Keep them happy and it stays that way.
Follow the beaten path. You can still make it your own. Surprise is your friend.
Savor your time alone. You're proud of home, hobbies and other noteworthy accomplishments. Although your body could use a break, an active mind is never satisfied at rest.
Killing time equals saving your sanity. In your current circumstances, there aren't that many productive things to do while waiting. Stay cool and collected so that you'll be ready to function when the call comes.
It all looks and tastes so fine. This is love or just as good. Keep the flame alive.
You're jealous of others' excitement, but not for long. There are advantages to staying focused on locations and due dates. You'll still be fresh and practical when everyone else is all used up.
Health remains an issue. With luck, you're preventing something rather than curing it. Small systems operating in isolation aren't telling the full story. Consider the system as a whole.
It's surprising to get so much praise for just doing your job. Imagine how you could excel if you really studied these low expectations. Of course, this means that from now on you'll be held to a higher standard.
Believe it or not, people admire you. Find those inspiring qualities and accentuate them. A healthy wind fills your sails, ready to blow you to a better place once you lift your anchor.
You play rough. If that surprises them, good. Certain niceties are a waste of time.
Push your advantage. Your troops fall in behind you. Only you can remember it all.
Why must you always prove yourself? You're having too much fun doing it to answer that question. Vanity and aggression become you for now, but don't get too attached to these questionable virtues.
Live differently on an unusual day. Channel your energy into water sports or gardening, weather permitting. You feel close to the source of your greatest happiness. Let it revive you.
Set the tone for discovery. You're always ready for another beginning. Maybe this means that you're never ready for closure, but who cares about the dark side of psychology on a bright day like today?
Is your show slipping? Heed a word to the wise. Keep this scene calm and friendly.
Security is fragile. If comfort is your most important possession, don't venture into new territory. Daredevils will try anything once, whether confident about their luck or just seeking a lesson.
Open the door to a new level of dialogue. You're quick, intense and riding the crest of the next breaking news story. Personal narrative fades into the background as you live your life without commentary.
Shake the tree and hold out a hand for ripe possibilities. Colleagues' ideas pass through you on their way to becoming real. You can see things that people closer to the project will overlook.
Gain is inevitable. Victory is sweet. You now have a hand in anything profitable.
You're a hero for sitting through all the song and dance. Now that you've saved your own presentation for the last minute, it needs to be outstanding. Performance anxiety is a non-issue for those who know their material.
Outreach is your reason for living. Ultimately you're more involved with the people whose lives you touch than the data collected from these encounters. Never forget that you're one of them.
You're not forgotten. Stage your own comeback. To some, you never left the building.
Expand your range. You need to meet more air and fire signs anyway. Casual contact leads to intense bonding. While romance involves limited numbers, there's room for all in a business or spiritual arrangement.
Model what's right, not what's wrong. Set a sterling example. For now, live simply.
Research shields you from taking action. Sooner or later, you'll have to get up and move from this space. Strike a comfortable balance between doing nothing and attempting the impossible.
It's still your world. Why question the obvious? You're in control and proud of it.
Refuse to be an easy mark or a willing victim. Know whom you're dealing with, and know the risks of that interaction. Your courage lies in your ability to defy a seductive trend.
Make someone's day. Fire energy plays out in your romantic or musical style. You attract press coverage and fans by simply being yourself. It's hard to imagine a happier ending for this chapter of your story.
Begin on the downbeat and take the tune to a new height. Foreign influences add that special flair to a domestic interpretation. Others will enjoy your performance whether or not they know all that you put into it.
Do only what you do best. Avoid lotteries and contests. Laughter helps you through a difficult moment. If someone wants to know what's so funny, tell them that a good joke can't always be translated.
Are you lucky or what? Keep it under your hat. Plan your moment to spill the beans.
You operate within a narrow margin. Trust yourself or doom this effort to a pointless exercise. Does your noble goal still inspire you? If the answer is no, you have a few days of serious thinking ahead of you.
Happiness finds its own way in. You'll never know whether it was a random miracle or someone's secret surprise. Graciously accept your new state of affairs -- as if you had any real cause to complain.
Advance notice gives you ample room to maneuver. Trivial annoyances will grow into monsters if you don't vanquish them immediately. Others are involved here -- think of their comfort and safety, too.
You're on top of things. Questions are welcome. Make art as if life depended on it.
Your experience tells an archetypal story. There's probably money in this, but your hands will feel dirty unless you find a way to share it. Personal satisfaction morphs into a community benefit.
Don't let all this success go to your head. Your continuing presence here will be based on your ability to deserve it. You're happy to acknowledge that a truly good work is never complete.
Leave your cocoon. Change things around. It's all for you, but others benefit, too.
Promises roll easily from your golden tongue. People are expecting a prompt delivery in exchange for what they're now giving you. Honor is a different kind of strength, but it suits you well.
Suddenly it's important that you're part of this conversation. Ask until you know how everything works. You're more interested in grasping the essence than clocking your hours.
Beware temptation. Your brain can't do all the driving. You have to live here.
After a brief moment in the depths, a little bit of heaven peeks through. You do have choices after all. It's okay to jump at the first reasonable offer. There's no reason to haggle with someone that's doing you a favor.
Good sportsmanship is essential when you're playing with a sore winner. Some people see their game performance as a reflection of their character. Be happy that yours is a more cosmic perspective.
Last minute turnarounds are your specialty. You've been here before, and you know all the reasons to be optimistic. By this time tomorrow, others will be amazed by your great leaps.
You could use a break from a constant obsession. Passive entertainment jolts you out of a rut. After you leave the movie, you'll see a side of life that you've completely ignored.
Bargain hunting is more about the hunt itself than what you bag at the end. There's a cachet to knowing your subject and not seeming to care about it. Just don't be such a cool customer when warm feelings are involved.
Wrap up the construction or redecoration and move into your new space. You have a million ideas in an environment that's now equipped to handle most of them. Invite special people to help you celebrate.
Escape feels like a wonderful idea. Leave your worries behind for one day, and they'll look much smaller when you return. If you can write this adventure off as a business expense, so much the better.
Unfocused physical movement sets up needless accidents. Newcomers could mistake you for a violent, careless person. Delicacy and elegance still have a place in your vigorous dance.
You have a high opinion of yourself, but others are dubious. Maybe you really can fix everything, but you need to start soon. Time grows short, and the line behind you is getting longer.
All your friends are too busy or far away. Feelings of abandonment give way to visions of persecution. If you start acting strangely, the consequences might begin to match your fears. Breathe. Let it pass.
Entertain and educate all guests at the party of your choice. You're working from an internal script that no one else can anticipate. Indulge yourself, but pay attention to what goes into your system.
You are a winner wherever you go. Your life looks like so much fun that everybody wants to try it on. Jealousy is out of place as long as your plans are inclusive.
Say kind things about others. Maybe you don't need to curry favor, but it's far better than making waves. Friends and neighbors are more likely to trust you when it's obvious that you care.
Your sign solidifies your plans with each passing hour. By evening, you'll equal your previous work in this area. If that's not good enough, the stars will help you surpass all that has gone before.
Take legal possession of the property to which you're entitled. You'd rather not fight, but bring your documentation anyway. Some people have to see your good news in writing before they can believe it.
What exactly is your hurry? You're so fixated on procedure that the quality of your experience goes unnoticed. Get used to the dominant reality -- it's going to be with you for a while.
The so-called real thing is just a figment of someone's imagination. Your present course of action is still the best road map available. Find a different, less harmful way to be included.
Invite yourself in. Get comfortable. This is your place now. You have so many plans.
Although you may think otherwise in the morning, this ends up being very much your day. Both reason and romance find you to be good company. Aren't you glad that you stayed for this part?
You're a loose cannon. You mean no harm. Let someone take you under his or her wing.
Your picture is fully integrated. For a brief moment, you understand the very nature of the universe. Maybe you'll never be able to explain it, but the proof makes all the difference to your internal life.
Pat yourself on the back. Others wonder why. If they can't guess, you won't tell.
Stop staring. Watch where you put your hands and feet. The welcome mat is out, but it's possible that you're responding to the wrong invitation. If you plan to stay, give your host a good reason to relax.
You run out of steam before you're ready to stop. Modify your plans to minimize your disappointment. Ask to bring your leftovers home so that you can still savor the memory tomorrow.
You're not about to lie after seeing where that got some of your neighbors. You're deeply relieved to know what the limits are. Get ready for a week of extreme ups and downs.
Boredom threatens like a damp gray cloud. You like the mystery of things unknown or untested. The result may be exactly the same, but you're compelled to try.
The solution that you propose won't be right for everyone. Children whine about unfairness while adults admit that the bed of roses has its thorns. Working together smoothes out most of the bumps.
Stay busy. What you do is who you are. Those who still doubt should just watch.
Activity becomes you. By now it should be obvious that your work is an extension of your character. Branding and naming specialists hit the nail on the head. Cleverness follows you from room to room.
Health, finances and principles are in sound shape. You have the stamina to last forever. Honor the memory of an absent loved one whose faith guaranteed that you'd be standing here today.
You're too smart to waste your time on a fool's errand. Yield to someone that obviously understands this situation. The best way to learn complicated language is by listening to how it's used.
Oops, false alarm. You can't take much more of this. Exit when you've had enough.
You thought you found it, but once again you were mistaken. How many more peaks and valleys can you stand on this roller coaster ride? If you start feeling queasy, it's definitely time to get off.
Avoid stress. Let others do your heavy lifting. Step back in when it's your cue.
Laugh off the accolades of your heroic deeds. You did what seemed appropriate, and you were lucky. Love is the best reward of all. As long as you get your share, the rest is a welcome luxury.
Keep out of areas where you don't belong, otherwise you may end up breaking something valuable. Unless you have a credible alibi, the authorities will come down hard on you.
You know too much. Start over elsewhere. You like it when the odds are against you.
Put your ego aside for a moment and you might see things a little differently That doesn't mean you weren't right the first time, though! Perspective is everything on a day like today, so soak it up.
You and your people need to listen to reason -- and you need to provide the reason! Your leadership is the one thing that's keeping them from totally losing it today, so step up and say what you think.
Get your life in order -- you need everything organized if you want to make progress. You should be able to leap ahead of the competition thanks to your background preparations, so don't worry.
You've got to make sure that you're as skeptical as can be today. Nobody is trying to scam you, but it is just much harder for you to discern what's really valuable from what just looks good.
You're getting great advice today -- from deep inside yourself! It's one of those days when your spirit double is right next to the surface, offering up observations that are spot on.
You can be incredibly productive today -- much more so than usual -- thanks to an unusual confluence of energies. Try not to think too hard about what you're doing, as that disrupts the flow.
You're in the top rank of any game or sport. Lovers and other admirers can't get enough of you. Be a ray of sunshine on someone else's dark day. Even the smallest gift means so much.
Your main provider alternately soothes and confuses you. Although disoriented, you're far from helpless. There are still a few old tricks at the bottom of your bag that this person has yet to experience.
It's important to defend yourself, and today you could have fun debating someone.
Sit down and rest your lower body. You're well out of danger in a comfortable place. Once your associates catch up to you with their demands, you'll be ready to work again.
You feel surprisingly in the swing of things -- considering that most of your people are all moody or otherwise preoccupied. Your good energy makes life sweeter for everyone, so share it!
It's a really good day for you to set limits. Otherwise, you're likely to be overwhelmed by the constant stream of demands and requests coming your way -- that's not going to let up any time soon!
Other confused individuals join you in the dark. By pooling inadequate resources, you end up with more than you really need. This may not be the ideal team, but you have the feeling that it's going to work for you.
The rate of change is slowing down. You can be pretty sure that things will stay where you put them. Celebrate small events in practical ways. Save your major fireworks for something truly special.
The good stuff trickles down. Ask another favor. Get it rolling earlier this time.
You've been working alone for long enough. This project has to pass through other hands. No one said anything about surrendering control, however. Look at today's shift as an opportunity to contribute even more.
What's good for one is good for all. This isn't government by fiat. You'll listen.
Be younger than you are. It's a new world. You're already getting the hang of this.
Antiquated thinking puts you at a disadvantage. Let go of these harmful preconceptions while there's still time. Becoming a better person is much easier than you imagine.
The best influences come from another culture. Everyone is friendly and willing to listen. You see signs of improvement wherever you look. Impress the people that were so critical yesterday.
Someone is getting in your face for no good reason. If you rise to the bait, you'll soon be hooked into a situation that won't let you go. Be unpredictable, even if that means doing nothing at all.
Adversaries unknowingly hand you the key to their treasure chest. One critical piece of data is worth all the hassle of getting it. As your attitude brightens, the whole world changes for the better.
Things get messy. Keep your distance if you can. Put a happy face on misfortune.
Be happy here. There's no place like this. Eventually you'll have time for it all.
Wake them up. Start them thinking. You have the right approach for every mind.
You're the breath of fresh air that cuts through stagnant conditions. Your timing and ideas are exactly what others need. The agent of change always dresses differently than expected.
Show your other side. It's never too soon. Everyone likes it when you change.
Laid-back people turn intense. Committed people are more involved than ever. If either of these descriptions fit you, expect satisfaction and possibly even fulfillment. You have only yourself to thank.
Forget about yesterday. Build your tribe from the ashes. It's a whole new game.
All usual rules and activities are suspended. You're free and motivated. Maybe you have a specific focus, or maybe you're ready to take life as it comes. Anyone that's ever felt the flash of inspiration will understand.
Don't spoil the party just because you can. Empowerment is tricky when it comes in a moment of anger or spite. Write or illustrate your revenge fantasies and sell them later as works of art.
You're walking into a trap. Turn around. You're too smart to fall for this again.
Make an early commitment to the general welfare. Assess the situation, put your stamp on the proceedings and let others take over when you're ready for a break. Realists only seem out of step with the times.
Lift your head above the noise and distraction. You have the means to help others that are coping with this, too. Acts of kindness disrupt your schedule, but they'll be remembered for a long time to come.
The bad guys might yet win. It's too soon to tell. Your services are still required.
Progress is on hold until further notice. You've done well so far, but is this how you'd want to leave it? Plan for a tidy ending just in case it comes sooner than you think.
You're colorful. You're opinionated. Put a new spin on what you're usually all about. Give better than you get. While you're at it, give serious or doubtful people the perfect excuse to smile.
When will this end? Discomfort or displeasure slows you down to one long, unchanging now. With the future refusing to get any closer, you need to find relief, if not enjoyment, in the moment.
If you want to have fun, be flexible. Your standby turns out even better than that unavailable first choice would have been. Count yourself lucky that you learned a hard lesson the easy way.
Be good. Be patient. Set a fine example. Others can only hope to be like you are.
Improvisation is fun. You could do this forever. Just don't show your hand too soon.
Keep making sense, and none will suspect that you're flying by the seat of your pants. Just because you're right doesn't mean that you have a plan. Luck is with you because, on some level, you earned it.
Follow through with those in need. Don't keep them waiting. Share only your best.
Be yourself -- it's only fair. You deserve to pursue any available connection. Superficial relationships take on a greater depth. A brilliant idea meets with instant approval.
You feel threatened by a different way of doing things. This isn't about you. Progress will have its way no matter what you think. Help the changes happen instead of trying to block them.
Learning improves your forward vision. There's safety in numbers and healing through activity. Whether or not you win this time, you're happy enough being a player.
You want what you want. You teeter on the brink. Don't lose yourself in this desire.
You really stand out. Is there a problem? You like the right kind of attention.
The first step toward peace is distracting the combatants. Your suggestion comes from a place that others have yet to consider. Follow through isn't your job. Intelligent people can figure it out for themselves.
Fun and guilt reach a fork in the road. Stick with your preferred traveling companion as the fireworks begin. Your imagination has prepared you for this kind of reality, so you know exactly what to do.
Disparate elements mix well. You love this experiment. It proves what you believe.
Positive energy is all around you now, and it's protecting you from any bad energy.
Greed isn't just about money -- people are greedy about time, and it's just as bad.
Someone you thought you liked is going to disappoint you today -- just move on.
Try to connect with people instead of avoiding them. You need to get more social.
It will be extremely empowering to sacrifice some of your time for someone else.
You and your friends are caught up in a big issue and you're having more fun with the debate than with any potential resolution. It's a good idea to keep talking about it for a long time.
Welcome to the domain of last-minute changes. Looking back, you have to admit that things were going too smoothly until now. Disorder keeps you alert. Small comforts mean a lot when you revisit them.
What's obvious to you is suddenly a mystery to everyone else. You were doing so well until this cloud rolled in. Unless you want to be marginalized as an eccentric genius, you'll have to try a little harder.
Do your part first. Beautify the environment. That should calm them all down.
As long as you're slowing down, review a crucial detail. Your home life will be improved by a heart to heart talk with family or room mates. Use direct language instead of letting euphemism and metaphor deflect you.
Anticipation moves you. You figured it out. New people add an element of surprise.
Watch who comes in next. You sense a pattern here. Was this whole thing planned?
Teachers come in odd disguises. Wake up to the fact that a supposedly random event is really a lesson in progress. Confusion burns away in the growing light of reason.
Try your hand at a new art or science. Understanding is as much about feeling as it is about comprehension. Aloof individuals find the common ground to stop and chat with each other.
Most of the details belong in the background. Unless your confessions are earth-shattering, they're likely to be on the boring side. The results will be far more impressive than the process that led up to them.
Wait your turn. Meanwhile, improve your condition. You'll be ready when they call.
You grow jealous of someone else's luck. It could happen to you, too any day in this time of new beginnings. To invite the spirit, you must be a receptive host -- otherwise, who knows what you'll get?
You're entitled to a break. Relax with open eyes. There's great benefit in absorbing the background noise and sifting through it for meaning. Introspection is seductive once you get started.
Work around the edges of your big problem. By choosing to specialize, you eat away at the mystery that confounds everyone. Someone's idle sketches represent what's really on their mind.
Insults and accusations are easy. The real challenge is in laying aside your worries and trusting others to get along. The closer you are to someone, the harder it may be to overcome disappointment.
Maximize your time. Bring everyone up to speed. Be clear about what you expect.
The person or thing that you pursue is finally ready to hold still for you. Expectations are high, but satisfaction runs deep. For every argument that you settle, another new friend is linked to your heart.
Bring it on. You'll take what comes and turn it around. Failure is not an option.
You have everything to gain and nothing to hide. Less charitable people would call you an exhibitionist. Your fans will have to catch you when they can -- your season is already looking busy.
You're all over the place, heating up the scene wherever you go. You enjoy sowing the seeds of productive and wicked ideas. An act of passion is excusable if it doesn't hurt anybody.
Get involved. Life can only improve when you do so. Show off your many skills.
Shrug off your cloak of passivity and start something. Money is for spending, especially if you're not earning much interest on it. It's time to see yourself as the natural force that you are.
You're rash and in no hurry to repent. If you don't admit to and correct your mistake, it will multiply. Your potential is wasted on tantrums and other acts of will. If given a chance to start over, take it.
Be your best. Don't keep them in the dark. Shed more light on your favorite subject.
Bring your personality and deepest concerns to the surface. If you care, you need to say something. Others may not be happy about what you tell them, but silence would be far worse.
You're not afraid of anything. Maybe this confidence stems from ignorance, but it protects you from a whole category of mistakes. Meals and movies are like adventures in an unknown country.
This is your show. Welcome any that want to be part of it. You have much to gain.
You're in demand. Choose your friends and projects from a wide assortment. While others exercise for its own sake, you have a specific prize in mind. Just say the word, and someone will be happy to oblige.
Cheer up. Laugh at your enemies. You all know that you're stronger than they are.
However you feel about yourself, this is the wrong moment to express it. People with power issues are ready to pounce at the first show of weakness. Press ahead in the service of a greater cause.
Watch your language around people that read the same books. To the careful listener, just a few words will reveal your unspoken subtext. If you feel dangerously close to the edge, start a course of self-improvement.
How you ask determines what you'll get. Assume that no one else has claimed independent ownership of your bright idea. Starting over again refreshes you on many levels.
Recognize your own good qualities in others. If you also see your worst mirrored in their eyes, this isn't the week to admit it. Enjoy an overflow of beauty, whether you're the source or the focus.
Nothing touches you. Luck smiles on you. Reap this harvest while it's still fresh.
For this moment, at least, you're immune to the consequences of your actions. Malice is the furthest thing from your mind. Benign cosmic influences set the scene for a perfect learning environment.
Your eye is sharp. Your hands are quick. Be the first to scoop up all the spoils.
You know value when you see it. Developers and art patrons sweep promising new talent under their wings. Until the hard work begins, enjoy these high spirited moments of discovery.
The world actively appreciates what you're doing. Pour your entire self into the task at hand. Phone calls and email often have a scattering effect, but this time they inspire rather than distract.
Forget all you ever knew. Take another ride. Now they know this is really you.
Love comes home to roost. You always knew it would. Just be your natural self.
Mixing it up isn't for you. Separate apples from oranges. Both will taste better.
If a friend comes into the shop, let your coworker handle the sale. Some relationships feel too pure to drag through the commercial world. Be realistic in your wishes, and at least one of them is sure to come true.
Certainty fades, although you remain convincing to others. Continued success rests on your abilities to charm and bluff. If you start dwelling on the possible dangers, you'll soon make them real.
Do what's expected. You still have lots of leeway. Imagination is your middle name.
You match your cosmic profile. Don't waste this precious moment on mundane affairs. Merge energies with other air and fire Signs to create a new essence. You'll know what to do when you all come together.
Play it close. The game is up if you don't. Be prepared for a fall, just in case.
When your actions are scrupulous, none will question your motives. The first unguarded words that spill from your mouth could be your undoing.
Get real. See the potential burning in others. Teams rise faster than individuals.
Be a compassionate force among all the phonies. You have a soft spot for has-beens and people in a temporary slump. You're only a twist of fate away from wearing those worn-out shoes on your own feet.
Avoid the crowd. Peel off your outer skin. The inner you is delicate and special.
The sorry state of your coworkers is your number one argument for telecommuting. Be charitable with confused or troubled individuals. Sympathy is probably a better gift than money.
What works at home may be inappropriate on the job. Try different ways of getting the same result. Even if success isn't immediate, dedication still counts for something.
