It may be the end of the work week, but you've still got more to do than you can handle at the moment. If you can delegate, do so quickly, but if not, expect a long and kind of boring weekend.
Focusing too much on your future only keeps you from appreciating where you are now.
Get started on something new today -- it could be almost anything! Your ability to see the long view should help you get things started right and make serious progress throughout the day.
Your intense emotions are mellowing out today, which should make today very easy.
With your help, your coworkers can get almost anything done today. You may need to poke your nose into their business, but it's all for their own good, so go ahead and poke away soon!
Your reputation is your top concern right now, but you could afford to lighten up.
Self-confidence comes more easily to you than it does for most people -- and with good reason! Today you may need to draw on it more than usual, thanks to an odd situation that's not quite beyond you.
Listen if that voice in your head tells you to power through -- and take action!
You know that what you're feeling is right, but it may be hard to convince anyone else. See if you can get your friends to at least agree with you in principle, but you can't expect much more than that.
Today, your deep yearning for something challenging is coming up to the surface.
Even if you haven't been doing all that much lately, you still feel pretty tired or worn out. Let it wash over you -- if you try too hard to fight against it, you just end up with even less energy!
Finding balance in your social life only happens when you learn what friends need.
Get outside and try to soak up a little nature -- even if the weather is forbidding. Getting rained or snowed upon might actually be perfect for you right now and your good energy keeps you healthy.
Don't go for retail therapy. You can't pay a problem to go away. It takes hard work.
Your love life could use a little boost today and you've got exactly the right kind of energy to pull it off. Take time out from your day, if possible or just send a mash note electronically.
Your recent push to get to know someone has worked, but it's time to pull back.
You need to acknowledge your success today -- modesty is all well and good, but people need to know that you can see what's right in front of you! Your great energy helps make it a group win.
People in your group have hidden agendas. Be on the lookout for tricky behavior.
